Video footage of a teacher being attacked by apparent Limpopo learners has stirred up the nation on Tuesday morning. In the video, two girls can be seen badly beating a female teacher. The video began circulating on social media in the early hours of Tuesday morning. According to unconfirmed captions with the video, the incident happened at a school in Polokwane, Limpopo. Read: Education department moves to make History compulsory in schools The teacher had reportedly confiscated the cellphone of one of the learners earlier in the day. The two girls then attacked her later outside the school. TheSouthAfrican spoke to Limpopo Education Department media liaison officer, Sam Makondo, who could not yet confirm that the incident took place in the province. “We were made aware of the video this morning [Tuesday]. We don’t know which school it is so we will circulate the video to all the district directors in the province. We don’t know for sure that is even from this province.” “Once we know what school it is, we can go to that specific school and take it from there.” Makondo stressed that there were many schools in the province that utilised similar looking uniforms. “We are trying our very best. It looks like it happened outside the school, there are so many school uniforms that use the same colours in the video. We are checking the schools so we can take proper action.”  South Africans took to social media in their numbers to comment on the video. According to some, violence is a much bigger overall problem. “This is more of a deep rooted societal problem that normalizes violence. I have seen several of these videos, and the children attacked the teachers for various (nonsensical) reasons,” one user said. Others were concerned by the actions of those behind the camera. “You know what we are all ignoring? The act of taking a video of this act by these kids. It simply shows they want to show their other friends what a badass they are. This trend needs to be stopped right now or it escalates” The Limpopo education department has promised to share more information as soon as it becomes available.