Jacob Zuma may have been in court on Friday afternoon, but his fleeting appearance in Durban would only end up playing second fiddle to a mass demonstration in his honour. Earlier on, we reported on the people who had shown up to support Zuma in court. Supra Mahumapelo, Hlaudi Motsoeneng and Andile Lungisa were all present to keep the former President company. Where do you even start with these? Ex-North West Premier Mahumapelo was forced to resign in disgrace following the corruption allegations levelled against him. Meanwhile, Motsoeneng drove SABC into the ground with his bizarre leadership of the broadcaster, and Lungisa is best known for smashing a jug over a fellow politician’s head during a sitting of local Parliament. If judging a person by the company they keep was an actual legal precedent, then Zuma would already be banged to rights. That was underlined by the actions of another speaker who took to the stage, and lead chants of “one bullet, one settler”. There you have it. "One Settler One Bullet" at the #ZumaCharges event. I dont recognize this group of ANC thugs. #ZumaMustFall — Xolani  (@XondoZ12) June 8, 2018  The likes of Andile Mngxitama – leader of Black First, Land First – also addressed the crowd, praising Zuma for delivering on land expropriation without compensation. He also rallied against Cyril Ramaphosa, regarding the recently-released figures which show GDP is on the decline. He forgot to mention that the quarter-on-quarter figures also include the seven weeks Jacob Zuma remained in charge for. Msholozi is due back in the dock on 27 July, after court was adjourned on Friday morning. The issue of Zuma’s legal fees still remains a minefield, with both the defence and state prosecution teams agreeing to push the hearing back. The hearing will take place in Pietermaritzburg. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More