Two attacks in the Free State this weekend prove that the government has failed to ensure rural security. “The populist discourse about land in South Africa contributes to the violent climate prevailing in rural areas,” said Jan van Niekerk, FF Plus leader in the Free State. In two separate attacks, residents were the victims of the repetitive lies that are spread by some politicians over land, white farmers and white privilege. In one incident, Marie Venter (74) was cruelly murdered on Friday night 1 June 2018 in her home in the Reitz area. According to reports, she was severely assaulted and raped. In the second incident, Kobus and Marlise van Niekerk were attacked at their farm in the Reitz district at 04:00 on Sunday. Marlise was hit with an object while she was forced to open the safe in their house. Farmers who responded to the attack found a stolen land cruiser and several mobile phones near Warden. The suspects are being sought. “The FF Plus will again request the provincial police commissioner in the Free State to meet urgently with the party to discuss rural security as he did not respond to the party’s previous request. “With increasing pressure from abroad, the ANC government can only acknowledge that farm attacks must be declared a priority crime and act accordingly by establishing specialist units to ensure rural security. “The FF Plus expresses its appreciation to the police and farmers in the community who responded quickly to the attacks. Read the original article in Afrikaans on FF Plus South Africa Today – South Africa News These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More