A Limpopo official has been instructed by the Public Protector to pay back part of a massive phone bill he racked up while on an overseas trip. Public Protector Busisiwe Mkhweabe found that deputy speaker in the Limpopolegislature, Lehlogonolo Masoga, was guilty of improper conduct and maladministration. How? By running up his work cell phone bill to over R100 000. Mkhwebane released multiple reports on Monday as she recommended that Masoga pay back some of the R125 000 bill. According to a previous City Press report, the deputy speaker had run up the bill by watching porn on the overseas trip. The Limpopo legislature then settled the ridiculous bill. Masoga released a joint statement with the legislature as he attacked the “smear campaign anchored on a cheap, beer-talk conspiracy. He also called the matter baseless and said it was not supported by facts. “I reject with contempt the malicious, libellous and defamatory allegations levelled against me by some not-so-faceless conspirators to injure my integrity for cheap political motives,” he said in the statement. Mkhwebane labelled the bill as “exorbitant or unreasonable”. The report also found that he had violated the Constitution and carried out improper conduct, as deemed by the Public Protector’s Act related to maladministration. “The amount spent by the deputy speaker was unreasonably high compared to other members of the legislature who travelled with him during the same trip to the USA,” Mkhwebane said. Mkhwebane said that the legislature’s speaker must review sections of policy that deal with work cellphones and data. The Public Protector has given 60 days for “appropriate” action to be taken by the legislature. South Africans have been left scratching their heads as one really has to ask, how much porn must one watch to rack up that kind of bill? Actually, we don’t want to know. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More