In her bid to break the silence on rape, a 42-year-old female jogger and Fourways resident who wished to stay anonymous, said she was raped and assaulted by two males in a ditch area on Kingfisher Drive and Witkoppen Road. “After feeling tired I thought I needed a pick-me-up so at around 6.30pm on 10 March I decided to go for a 5km jog like I usually do. As I took a turn on Kingfisher Drive and Witkoppen Road two males approached me from behind – they then tripped me and I fell to the ground,” she said. The female jogger explained that her assailants then pulled her pants down in an attempt to rape her. “We then started wrestling as they were reaching to remove my running tights, the other guy was busy trying to open my mouth so that he could force his penis inside my mouth but I bit it, I then kicked the other guy with my knee who had his penis inside me.” She said she realised that the men were drunk and could overpower them. “Due to their smell I could tell that those guys were drunk, so with the power I had I managed to push them off me and escape, as I ran towards the busy Witkoppen Road with high speeding traffic.” The rape apparently happened in a ditch area 200m away from a petrol filling station which is situated not far from the Douglasdale Police Station. “With the speeding of the cars on the road, the drivers couldn’t see that I was in need of help. So I decided to run to the police station where I managed to get help.” She explained that when she ran towards the police station on Witkoppen Road, her attackers ran in the opposite direction. “Upon my arrival at the station, the police managed to calm me down and gave me water. They called my husband who came and took me to Olivedale Clinic to which they also escorted me to. “The nurse gave me ARVs and she took blood tests and I was told to come back for my results. I sustained bruises on my forehead and arms– I am also really traumatised about what I went through.” The female jogger concluded that when one goes for a jog trying to get away from the stresses of life and such things happen, they demoralise one and one wonders what the world has become. “A case of rape has been opened at the Douglasdale Police Station and police investigations are continuing. We appeal to community members with any information that might assist the case,” the head of communications for the Douglasdale police station, Captain Mpho Tshetlhane said. Tshetlhane added that to help the police with the investigation, contact the police station on 011 699 1333; 071 675 7158; police emergency 08600 10111. What can be implemented for joggers to be safe in the area? Share your views on the Fourways Review Facebook page.