WARNING: Graphic content and images. A MAN who went missing in a remote Indonesian village on the island of West Sulawesi on Sunday night has been found. Problem is, he was found inside a seven-metre-long python. Footage released by Viral Press shows the horrifying moment 25-year-old Akbar Salubiro’s body was cut out of the giant snake’s belly. This is the incredible moment a dead man is cut out from the stomach of a seven-metre-long python after being swallowed alive. Picture: Viral PressSource:Supplied Ads by Kiosked Akbar Salubiro, 25, had set off to start work harvesting palm oil in a remote village on the island of west Sulawesi, Indonesia, on Sunday night. Picture: Viral PressSource:Supplied Neighbours reported cries from the palm grove the night Mr Salubiro went missing, but it wasn’t until the next day when their fears were confirmed. A spokesman for police in West Sulawesi told BBC Indonesia the man had been missing for 24 hours. It is believed Mr Salubiro was swallowed alive after he left his home to harvest palm oil. But he didn’t get far. When his family became concerned over the missing man’s whereabouts, they spotted the python in Mr Salubiro’s backyard looking a little, well, full. He didn’t return home and concerned friends and relatives began looking for him the next evening. Picture: Viral PressSource:Supplied They found the stodged python sprawled out in Akbar’s own back garden on Monday night at 10pm — and feared he had been suffocated and swallowed. Picture: Viral PressSource:Supplied His body, still intact, was discovered inside the snake after residents sliced open its belly. The footage, which runs for five minutes, shows horrified locals peeling open the snake, only to be confronted with the man’s lifeless feet. As the snake’s body is sliced open, it reveals more and more of the missing man, still clothed. Locals gathered round as one man used an 18-inch long hunting knife to slice open the serpent — and found Akbar inside still in tact. Picture: Viral PressSource:Supplied
http://www.news.com.au/technology/s…y/news-story/b2b36343ed38548b4c87883bd6db7c64