These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More With worries over land expropriation dominating the political discourse, the actions of one Free State farmer might end up showing the rest of South Africa what needs to be done. As reported by Huffington Post, Smithfield resident and farm owner Eddie Prinsloo has negotiated terms with the government to divide his land into seven and provide each one of his workers with their own title deeds. Prinsloo has worked in farming since 1975. He inherited the land from his father and was able to buy a further four farms throughout his career. However, the 63-year-old is now nearing retirement, and he’s looking to leave a lasting legacy. Speaking to HP, Prinsloo revealed he’s been approached by several other farmers in a similar position who want to see the land they own go to their trusted staff. However, the Free State farmer lamented the amount of time the process takes: “We had a farmers’ day here, all the farmers are willing to do that but they do not want to wait for two years. Mine took too long … Every day farmers call me about my project.” “It is not true that black farmers cannot farm. They are the best farmers, but we have to educate them and teach them how to deal with management. “They need to be taught how to plan, that is what we white farmers have to teach them. Both black and white farmers are important for food security. Let us not underestimate anyone.” Prinsloo paid further tribute to black farmers by crediting them as the ones who work the hardest, yet receive the least benefits. Yesterday, we heard ANC chairperson Gwede Mantashe suggest that it was up to ordinary South Africans to come up with ideas that advance land redistribution. Well, look no further than what’s happening in Smithfield. Prinsloo’s loyalty and compassion could be a blueprint other farmers use, to help give black South Africans the access to land they have been denied for decades.