These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More On Sunday night a farmer from Hazyview shot and killed four heavily armed men on his farm. According to reports from News sources in Hazyview, a group of four men went to Mr.  Kobus van Heerden’s farm in Kiepersol-Hazyview on Sunday and tried to break into his farm house. Fortunately, the old farmer had more guns than they did,  so bullets began flying in every direction. He shot and killed the four intruders. According to reports this morning, Mr. Van Heerden was taken in by the police on Monday for questioning. It is at the moment unclear if he will be charged or released. More details to follow.