The Human Rights Commission (HRC) must be held accountable for the EFF leader Julius Malema’s inflammatory racist statements, hate speech and incitement that lead to violence, because for years the HRC has failed to take action against him even though the FF Plus has lodged various formal complaints against Malema. Once again today, Malema made derogatory remarks about Adv Paul Pretorius SC, head of the legal team appointed by Deputy Chief Justice Raymond Zondo that forms part of the state capture commission of inquiry – he said that it was a pity that a “white man” was appointed in the position. Particularly regarding the extremely sensitive issue of land, Malema frequently asserts in parliamentary debates that white people are murdering black people and that white people have stolen their land. Over the years, the FF Plus has lodged various complaints against the EFF leader with the HRC. One of these was in relation to a statement Malema made in 2016 inciting his supporters to drive white people off their land and to occupy the land. In the runup to the 2014 elections, the FF Plus also lodged numerous complaints of hate speech with the HRC, the Public Protector (PP) and the Independent Electoral Commission (IEC) seeing as there are legal precepts that political parties must comply with. Such statements are divisive and have the potential to bring about a bloodbath if large numbers of people act on them. It is, therefore, inconceivable that the HRC is not taking action against Malema, while it is widely known that they are very quick to act and impose severe punishments in cases where white people make racist statements. The issue of land has the potential to cause serious conflict if passions are roused unnecessarily. It is, therefore, extremely disturbing and lamentable that the HRC and the IEC are choosing to turn a blind eye while the leader of a political party is going out of his way to damage racial relations in the country. The FF Plus will engage with the HRC in regard to the matter and will call on the HRC to duly investigate the complaints. Read the original article by Dr Pieter Groenewald in Afrikaans on FF Plus South Africa Today – South Africa News