These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More A farm attacker was shot dead on Tuesday 27 March 2018, at about 07:00 on a farm in the Nigel area Gauteng. A police spokesperson said that a woman and her gardener were alone at home at the time of the attack. The woman was attacked whilst alone in the house by two men. They stabbed her and robbed the house of two firearms. The gardener ran to the neighbor for help, who returned with him to assist the woman. The attackers opened fire on the neighbor who returned fire. The suspects then fled into the maze lands and a police helicopter was used to search for them. Other farmers from the area assisted in the search. The police helicopter managed to locate one of the suspects near the scene, it is presumed that he died in the gunfire exchange. One of the firearms stolen in the farm attack, a hunting rifle, was recovered on the veranda of the farmhouse. Police are investigating the attack and death of the suspect. Read the original article in Afrikaans on Maroela Media 