These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More More and more white South Africans are finding themselves destitute and often end up in white displacement camps (squatter camps). The South African Government implemented Black Economic Empowerment Laws (BEE) that have become increasingly stringent. Whites constitute roughly 8 percent of the population; they are seen as being over-represented if a company employs more than 8 percent in its workforce, and penalties apply. Since the (ANC) African National Congress came to power in 1994, whites have enjoyed little sympathy from those who feel they profited there is thefeeling of vengeance, retribution about South Africa, as if whites must be made to pay and to suffer for the sins of the past. Today, there is not such a thing as “white privileged”. And once a white South African arrives at a displacement camp it becomes a “catch 22” situation especially when there are children involved, almost impossible and difficult to leave. Whites are seen as the enemy who according to some deserve to be punished is in itself persecution!