Nationwide — South Africa’s parliament has taken steps to urge the redistribution of farming lands which would allow for land to be stripped from owners, particularly white farmers, without any compensation. In this regard, white South African landowners are seeking help from President Trump to let them migrate to the US. More than 10,500 people have already signed an online petition calling for President Trump to allow white South African landowners, who have had their farming lands seized by the country, to migrate to the United States. The movement began after South African President Cyril Ramaphosa called for land redistribution in order to reform the racial disparities in land ownership in the country. The parliament supported Ramaphosa’s decision and passed the motion 241-83 in favor. White South African farmers believe they are being removed from their land and thrown out of the country, News.com.au reported. So they made a petition asking for President Trump to “take the steps necessary to initiate an emergency immigration plan allowing white Boers to come to the United States.” Boer is the term used to describe South Africans of Dutch, German, or Huguenot descent, and are also commonly called as Afrikaners. The petition also suggests Trump not to admit refugees from Somalia and the Middle East because they “cannot be properly vetted” and welcome South Africans instead because they “can be easily vetted and also possess skills that make them compatible with our culture and civilization.” South Africa’s Cooperative Governance and Traditional Affairs Department advised the public not to worry so much about the situation in a series of tweets saying, “This is a serious matter. It’ll be handled through dialogue and in a stable manner. No need for beating war drums and creating unnecessary panic! South Africa belongs to all who live in it!” However, many are saying that if the basis would be on Trump’s known preference for white immigrants, the South African farmer’s petition will most likely receive a favorable answer. ORIGINAL ARTICLE https://www.dallasweekly.com/news/international/article_6aa3a30a-23be-11e8-a7b9-4fbf91cb6922.html