These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More A 22-year-old Florida Park woman has endured one of the worst ordeals any mother could imagine during an armed robbery on 18 March. The woman, her boyfriend and their 10-month-old baby daughter live with the boyfriend’s parents. She asked to remain anonymous and that her street address not be revealed. On the day in question, at about 7am, the older woman went out to feed the dogs just before she was to leave with her husband. She found it strange that the dogs did not come to her even after calling them. She then saw the men at the lapa. They had already rounded up her husband at the car and took him back into the house. The 22-year-old and her boyfriend were in their room with their baby when the young woman heard the older woman shout, “What are you doing here?”. She assumed she was shouting at the dogs but asked her boyfriend to check. He saw some of the men entering the room. (His parents were being held in another room.) The men, wearing masks, were armed with firearms and knives. They tied up the boyfriend and wanted to know where the jewelry was. She told them that due to a skin condition she did not wear jewelry. They then asked for money and where the safe was. She said she and her boyfriend had moved in only recently and did not know where the safe was. She also told them that she was unemployed and did not have money. The man told her that he was going to rape her baby if she was lying. He then took her baby from her at gunpoint and ordered her into another room. He and another attacker dropped her baby onto the bed and tied her. He told her he was going to show her what he was going to do to the baby. He pulled down the little girl’s pants down and started unbuckling his belt.