   30 July 1988 – Hostage situation-
Goedemoed prison. Using sharpened objects,
22 prisoners attacked the prison warders at
Goedemoed Prison. One of the warders failed
to escape and was taken hostage in a cell.
The hostage was stabbed twice in the neck
while one of the warders was trying to
negotiated with the prisoners. The SAPS
Special Task Force was called in to assist in
the matter. Nine members of the Special
Task Force were flown to Goedemoed Prison.
The Special Task Force freed the hostage  13 December 1989 – Body recovery at Selby
Mine, Johannesburg. Two members of the
Special Task Force assisted the Brixton
Murder and Robbery Unit in recovering a
corpse from the Selby mineshaft,
Johannesburg. The corpse was found at a
depth of 141 meters. Obstructions, bad
construction and the threat of toxic gases
created additional hazards. Two members of
the Special Task Force were individually
lowered into the shaft, but were forced to
return to the surface owing to respiratory
difficulties. One member was given oxygen
apparatus and lowered down the shaft
again. After securing the corpse to a rope,  11 January 1993 – Hostage situation in
Walmer, Port Elizabeth. A Black ex-defence
force member took a woman hostage and
held her at gunpoint. As negotiations failed,
the Special Task Force entered the building
and incapacitated the captor with 2 shots.
The hostage was not hurt. 4 July 1993 – Hijacked Fokker FU28 at Jan
Smuts International Airport. A Fokker FU28
airliner of Royal Swazi Airlines with 21
passengers on board was hijacked and
diverted to Jan Smuts Airport, near
Johannesburg. The SAPS Special Task Force
was summoned to the scene and 22
members were dispatched to the airport to
contain the situation and release the
hostages. After being informed by the
psychologist on the scene that the hijacker
was emotionally unstable and irrational and a
threat to the hostages, the Special Task
Force was given the command to recapture
the aircraft and to release the hostages. The
hijacker was wounded in the head during
the storming of the aircraft. A hostage was
wounded in the shoulder and the pilot in the
leg. No casualties were sustained by
members of the Special Task Force. 10 July 1994 – Arrest of Weapon Smugglers
at Nduma. Weapons are regularly smuggled
from Mozambique to South Africa via the
Kruger National Park which borders on  27 October 1994 – Hostage Situation and
Attempted Suicide at Telkom Offices,
Pretoria. A man armed with a firearm and
was upset about the non-payment of his
salary, entered the Telkom Distribution
offices where he worked and took a number
of people hostage. The hostage negotiators
and 21 members of the Special Task Force
were deployed to the scene. After prolonged
negotiations, all the hostages were released
but the man refused to surrender and
threatened to take his own life. The Special
Task Force were still in position and ready to
take action while the negotiations with the
man continued. While the negotiations were
taking place, the man decided, without
warning, to move to another office. The man
was overwhelmed in the passage after his
attention had been drawn by a stun grenade
and he was disarmed. Neither the man or
the Special Task Force who disarmed
him were injured in the incident. 15 June 1994 – Rescue Operation Salu
Building, Pretoria. 28 members of the Special
Task Force raced to the city center to assist
with a rescue operation. A building with a
number of floors was on fire and personnel
working in the building above the floors
which were on fire, were trapped. Members
of the Special Task Force, SAPS Air Wing and
SA Air Force using helicopters rescued
people from the top of the building. Other
members used roping equipment to
evacuate the trapped people to safety. Only
a small number of people were treated for
minor burns and smoke inhalation. 1 March 1995 – Hostage Situation Bella
Vista, Johannesburg. A man took his fiancee
and her little daughter hostage after a family
dispute. The hostage negotiators and six
members of the Special Task Force were
deployed to the scene. During negotiations,
the man continually held a knife against the
throat of his fiancee. The child and woman
were ill-treated by the man. A tactical
release of the hostages was the only way out.
One member of the Special Task Force was
employed as a sniper and during the tactical
release of the hostages, the man was fatally
wounded. A firearm was found in the room
where the man had held the woman and
child hostage. 27 November 1995 – Kidnapping and
Hostage Situation, Vereeniging. The
Intelligence Service and CID of Secunda and
Vereeniging requested the assistance of the
Special Task Force in an operation to locate
the whereabouts of a man who had been
kidnapped and was being held hostage.
Information at hand was that the man had
been kidnapped by 3 men and was being
held hostage in a Daleside, Vereenigng
house. 9 members of the Special Task Force
were made available for the operation and
the kidnapped man was released uninjured
during a tactical release. All three men were
arrested without a single shot being fired. 5
fire-arms which had been used by the
hostage takers were seized. 6 August 1995 – Hostage Situation
Hollywood Café, Sunnyside. A man fleeing
from the SAPS on 6 August 1995, took a
woman hostage in the Hollywood Café,
Esselen Street, Sunnyside. The Special Task
Force was summoned to the scene by Radio
Control after which the hostage taker was
arrested and the hostage tactically released.
The man was found guilty of armed robbery,
kidnapping, pointing of a firearm and
possession of an unlicensed firearm. 24 to 25 February 1995 – Hostage Situation,
St Albans Prison – Port Elizabeth. 22
members of the Special Task Force were
summoned to St Alban’s Prison, Port
Elizabeth where approximately 105 prisoners
had taken a prison warder as hostage.
During the night of 24 – 25 February 1995,
after prolonged negotiations the prison
warder was released after a tactical release
lasting 20 seconds. One hostage taker was
fatally wounded. One injured and the other
prisoners were arrested. The hostage was
released without injuries. Two firearms and a
M26 hand grenade were seized after the
operation.  22 May 1997 – Hostage Situation Nando’s,
Johannesburg. Three robbers trying to rob
Nando’s on the corner of Cromhout and
Kimberley Streets, Johannesburg were
cornered by members of the SAPS
Johannesburg after being alerted by
members of the public. The robbers took the
employees of Nando’s hostage. A gun-battle
between the robbers and the SAPS took
place during which two members of the
SAPS were wounded. 19 members of the
Special Task Force were deployed. During
the release of the hostages, the three
robbers were wounded and arrested. No
members of the public were injured.     24 November 2012 – Protea Coin cash compound, 
Robertsville, western Johannesburg. 
At around 17:00, the Task Force confronted a 
group of 20 heavily armed cash in transit robbers 
with AK47s in a foiled robbery. 
The robbers opened fire                                                  “Just look at the work [the task force] did this 
week – stopping a major cash depot robbery and freeing a doctor being held hostage.” management promised to investigate the grievances within a month. Nothing happened. Fifty-seven (57) of the 93 members at the three bases want to be transferred to other units.