These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More In this video by ‘South African Crisis’ We see Belgium has joined the ranks, more and more countries are waking up to the reality in South Africa? Who will be next? Ramaphosa and the South African government’s decision to expropriate land without compensation is now openly discussed. The farm murders, farm attacks, theft of agricultural land and atrocities against whites is being addressed. During a rally through the streets to draw attention to the matter the South African Anthem was also sung. This was a solidarity march against the racist ANC government, its hate speech and unwillingness to address the torture and murders of whites in South Africa.  Source :South Africa Today