These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More Popular South African prophet Paseka Mboro of Incredible Happenings  says he was taken to hell in a vision on Friday night and he saw Malema and his followers burning. Speaking at his church on Saturday morning Mboro said : “As I was praying in my room on Friday night, I was taken down to hell in an open vision. I saw so many people I know, burning, politicians, mostly. They were wearing red T- shirts  and singing political songs while they cried. These are songs they sang on earth and now they were singing them forever. It was painful,” 