Today, I’m finally ready to share this n ask some help to spread a very important thought/message.. (NB. This video is quite graphic, containing partial nudity n nasty language.. lol! You have been warned) I was thrown into a van n spent a night in jail for standing up for humanity. Officer/Constable Mente (Milnerton SAPS) n I had an altercation on Monday, 5 February 2018 at Canal Walk.
After I asked him to not demand but instead ask me to move, he blew his top!
I literally went through police brutality: pulled by my arm, dragged on a brick floor, slammed against the police van, forced into the van, shaken to the point of unconsciousness, just pulled along vigorously wherever he went… n eventually was choked by my own hoodie while standing half naked. (Suffered some bruising)
When his back-up arrived, 5 male officers, with no knowledge of what had just happened (confessing to it as well), threw my ass in their van.
I slept at milnerton police station that night. Did fingerprints n ‘mugshots’. Was to appear in court on 7 March 2018 but after prosecutors examined his statement n then my video, his story* did not add up n my case was thrown out. Yes, I’m TRULY OVERJOYED that I do not have a criminal record, however this man still goes on with life as per normal, thinking what he did that day, was just another day at the office…  This is why I’m sharing this today, I please need everyone to know about this. This could have been your daughter/sister/mom/little brother/dad/uncle or aunt. If you feel that what happened to me was unlawful n super disrespectful just as human being to human being, please join me in always thinking of the next person n how you speak and/or interact with others. Just be kind, it’s not hard.. think of the next person as a human being.
Treat others the way you would like to be treated. I still experience disturbing feelings n flashbacks of this whole traumatic event. I still cry n have hightend anxiety attacks. Hate to admit this, but this affected me in more ways than I ever thought it would. Most importantly I’d like to THANK EACH N EVERY PERSON TAGGED TO THIS POST.
THANK YOU FOR BEING MY SUPPORT!!
I Appreciate each n every one of y’all. [Even those I couldn’t mention]
Especially Russel Dirks, without you there that day my friend, I really don’t know what would have happened.