These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More The disgraceful state of destruction, violence and danger to civilians which we had to witness this week in both Centurion and Hermanus is the direct result of the incompetence and irresponsibility of the South African government, the State President and the EFF. The vast majority of their electorate has no concept of legal processes or constitutional restraints. The leaders said they plan to expropriate property, so let’s just do it. Take what we want and get it done with. And they did exactly that. Burning, looting, attacking a police station and torching it, endangering the lives of elderly people in a retirement home, attacking foreign citizens in an orgy of xenophobic hatred and racism. And not national, nor local, government stepped in and send security forces to safeguard the civilian population. A pitiful handful of police officers and firemen bravely and resolutely tried their best to maintain safety and order. When a government becomes the biggest threat to law and order in its own country, such a country is beyond repair. It was not only Hermanus, a peaceful seaside resort, burning. It was South Africa going up in flames. Read the original article on Front Nasionaal SA