Off-duty cop faces off with armed robbers in KwaMakhutha – three suspects killed in shootout An off-duty police officer was in the right place at the right time when he clashed with getaway robbery suspects in KwaMakhuta, fatally shooting two during a gunbattle whilst a third suspect was found dead a few kilometres from the first scene, yesterday.
Yesterday morning at 09:45, an off-duty police official was driving his vehicle along Dazi Meyiwa Road, Section 10, KwaMakhutha, when a group of suspects armed with firearms hijacked a white Nissan Tiida. While at the stop street, the suspects bumped into his vehicle at the front and cut him off. At gunpoint, one of the suspects ordered him out of his vehicle and a shoot-out ensued between the police officer and the suspects. Two suspects believed to be in their thirties died at the scene. Investigations revealed that the suspects committed a robbery at a local tuck-shop and took an undisclosed amount of cash. They also robbed the owner of the shop of his vehicle and attempted to hijack the vehicle of an off-duty police official. An unlicensed firearm with five rounds of ammunition and a toy gun were recovered from the suspects. Cash that was taken during the robbery was also confiscated from the deceased suspects. A few kilometres away from the first scene, another body of an unknown man was found with gunshot wounds. A toy gun was also found in suspect’s possession. It is also suspected that he was among the group of suspects that committed the robbery. Charges of armed robbery, carjacking, attempted murder, attempted carjacking, possession of unlicensed firearms and ammunition as well as inquest are being investigated by KwaMakhutha SAPS. It is alleged that the same group of suspects entered a house on Friday, 23 March 2018 at 02:55 and tied the occupants with ropes before assaulting them. They took a laptop, tablet, cellphones and other belongings before fleeing the scene in their getaway vehicle. The victims sustained injuries and were taken to hospital for medical attention. A case of armed robbery is being investigated by KwaMakhutha SAPS. The KwaZulu-Natal Acting Provincial Commissioner, Major General Bheki Langa praised the police official for being brave and risking his life to protect the community. “I am glad that the police official escaped unharmed during the shooting. We will not rest until all those involved are locked behind the bars,” he said. The KwaMakhutha community also commended the police official for his bravery. “We want more police officials of this calibre to fight crime in this area,” said a community member.   