“Reverend van Wyk should have had his eyes and tongue cut out so that the faces of his attackers would be the last thing he sees on earth. Apartheid is in him. All these old white people are mistaken if they think we believe them when they say they were opposed to it. It is your turn now, white people.” The biggest nail in the coffin of the multiculturalist New South Africa forced through by Mandela, De Klerk and Ramaphosa in 1994, is the fundamental irreconcilable in terms of culture and behavior between people of a Western orientation, and people of an African orientation. And we can list hundreds of examples – from Zuma claiming that corruption is a “Western” crime to the habit of lowering and adapting standards in all walks of life; which is of course not acceptable to the Western principles of achievement, development and investigative thought. The biggest of these, is of course the African belief system that in eradicating the visual symptom of a problem, the problem also disappears. The Western orientation teaches us: Root out the problem and the symptom will disappear. Not the other way around. In addressing this fundamental, and irreconcilable difference in approach, a system of double standards cannot be avoided. How do you reprimand a person for what he really believes must be the truth? Such double standards become noticeable when we read, over the weekend, how an officer with the rank of “Major”, one MV Mohlala, was “reprimanded” for a racist outburst of hate speech on the social media. This followed the attack on the elderly reverend Braam van Wyk (80) and his friend, prof Cobus Naude (76) in Johannesburg a few weeks ago. Prof Naude was stabbed to death, while the Reverend Van Wyk’s hands were tied behind his back after which he was brutally kicked in the face. Major Mohlala (stationed at Wonderboom Military Base in Pretoria) wrote on Facebook that, in his opinion, the Reverend van Wyk should have had his eyes and tongue cut out so that the faces of his attackers would be the last thing he sees on earth. Mohlala then went on (and revealed the African approach as stated above) by saying: “Apartheid is in him. All these old white people are mistaken if they think we believe them when they say they were opposed to it. It is your turn now, white people.” (sic) Apart from being brutally racist and a prime example of the most offensive hate speech possible, Mohlala indicated that the black man still feels that elderly white people should be punished. Is this a possible explanation for the brutality of the attacks against defenceless old people? Is this why women in their 80’s and 90’s are raped? To “punish” them? Quite obviously so. What is more concerning is the fact that Mohlala got away with a verbal warning by his commanding officer!!!! Compared to Penny Sparrow, who was taken to court, slapped with a fine and made subject of a public witch hunt for weeks for using the term “monkeys” on the social media; one can hardly find a more shining example of double standards. Now, if even the reaction to the same crime (with a very obvious variation in the degree) is so different, is it not time to recognise the fact that the cultures in this country are so irreconcilable that we are merely wasting time, and spilling blood, in trying to make this Rainbow Nation farce work. Read the original article Front Nasionaal SA