These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More The driver of a vehicle was allegedly stabbed to death after crashing into a group of pedestrians in Taylors Halt, Pietermaritzburg, killing six people on Friday evening. ER24 Spokesperson Werner Vermaak reported that six pedestrians had been killed in the accident on Edendale Road in Kwhashange, shortly after 20:00 on Friday evening. Vermaak said the driver of the bakkie was also found with fatal injuries. “It is understood from bystanders that members of the community allegedly stabbed the driver to death shortly after the incident,” he said. Vermaak said five pedestrians had sustained fatal injuries and were declared dead at the scene by paramedics when they arrived. “Another pedestrian was in a critical condition, but later succumbed to his injuries on scene,” Vermaak said. KZN EMS spokesperson Robert MacKenzie said at least four people had been fatally injured at the scene. He also confirmed the driver of the vehicle had been assaulted after the accident, and had sustained fatal injuries. MacKenzie said seven additional pedestrians had been transported to hospital for further medical assistance.