These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More A Mpumalanga PASTOR attempting to demonstrate God’s power by walking on water has been eaten by crocodiles. Jonathan Mthethwa was killed on Good Friday  by three crocodiles as he carried out a religious demonstration in Matsulu, Mpumalanga. Shocked witnesses said the clergyman had “prayed the whole week” before the stunt went tragically wrong. He had also fasted in the lead-up to the attempted miracle, which was inspired by a Biblical tale of Jesus walking on water during a storm. Horrified members of the Saint of the Last Days Church said the pastor was completely devoured in a “couple of minutes”. He had waded around 30 metres into what was known locally as ‘Crocodile River’. At this point he had promised his congregation he would rise up above the water. Instead he was brutally attacked by a group of crocodiles who had been hidden in the deep water. Deacon Nkosi said: “The pastor taught us about faith on Sunday last week. “He promised he would demonstrate his faith to us today, but he unfortunately ended up drowning and getting eaten by three large crocodiles in front of us. “We still don’t understand how this happened because he fasted and prayed the whole week.” He said his death was quick and brutal. Mr Nkosi said: “They finished him in a couple of minutes. “All that was left of him when they finished eating him is a pair of sandals and his underwear floating above the water.” Emergency services rushed to the scene but arrived too late to save the man. Crocodile attacks are a regular part of life in Mpumalanga, where efforts are being made to reduce the number of fatalities. Last month an 11-year-old boy was killed by a crocodile while swimming in a river swollen by heavy rains. Men from the boy’s village then hunted down the crocodile, killing it and cutting it open to retrieve the victim’s body. A police spokesman said: “This year we had too much rains and it is obvious crocodiles are certainly there in our rivers. “Villagers should not risk their lives by swimming or trying to cross the flooded rivers.”