These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More Domestic Worker Stabs Employer: Trenance Park – KwaZulu Natal A 75 year old woman was seriously injured after she was repeatedly stabbed and assaulted by her domestic worker and her boyfriend at her home on Yellow Wood Place in Trenance Park – Verulam a short while ago. At approximately 12:05 members of Reaction Unit South Africa were dispatched to the residence after receiving a call from a neighbour requesting assistance for the injured woman. Upon arrival medics treated the woman for multiple stab wounds to her head and face. She she also suffered a black eye from being assaulted. Medics stabilised the victim on scene before transporting her to hospital. It is alleged that the domestic worker was employed by the victim two weeks ago. Neighbours reported seeing her and her boyfriend fleeing from the property shortly after the incident. The only information the victim could provide was that the female suspect’s name was Thuli who is short and small built and that she resides near Ocean Crest in Trenance Park. Robbery is believed to be the motive for the attack as the entire home was ransacked. Reaction Officers conducted an extensive search for the suspects however no arrests were made. The victim’s eyes have been blocked to protect her identity.   