Some of the people featured in the documentary and others who have been covering the topic of South Africa elsewhere, such as Simon Roche of the Suidlanders and Lauren Southern, are obvious controlled opposition. Many of these so-called advocates for White South Africans are trying to get the Boers to surrender their lands without a fight and are calling on Western countries to accept them as refugees. Let us be clear, the Boers are the rightful owners of their land. If people knew South African history, which is not taught to us (at least not properly), they would no that no sub-Saharan black Africans were even present in South Africa when it first saw waves of White settlers. The only people who were there were the light-skinned Khoisan, who have also faced persecution under black rule. The black Africans only flooded in to South Africa after Whites built a prosperous country, and benefited greatly from it. We should never accept ethnic cleansing and genocide as acceptable or inevitable. We should be doing whatever we can to bolster the defenses of the White South Africans, as they could easily win militarily even though vastly outnumbered, and bringing international attention to the crisis. The South African government is committing genocide against Whites in South Africa, and yet Donald Trump has not even said one word about it. Since our governments in the West are actively committing genocide against their White populations, we can only expect them to allow this travesty to take place without so much as even a condemnation. It is therefore up to us to raise awareness ourselves and then take action. Renegade Films has a great documentary available that shows the real history of the country and all of the jews who worked with Communist terrorists to create this anti-White hell. Check out WhiteSouthAfrica.com to watch for free. As for this new documentary, here is some background from BoerProject.com: The political climate has changed drastically in South Africa since the ANC took over the country’s political leadership after the 1994 apartheid system. South Africa has gone from being a civilised country with a European standard of living. It was a stabile and secure country, and they are now facing major political uncertainty. This means that the population lives under constant concern for the future, which makes it difficult for one’s own investment for the future. The ANC’s economical reforms, like the Black Economic Empowerment (BEE), shut out the white minority population from the labour market – with fatal consequences, not only for the country’s overall prosperity, but especially for the European descendants whom are forced into poverty because of the politically binding exclusion. Promoting the previously so-called disadvantaged motivated the BEE-reform, which in practice means reverse apartheid. It affects companies who have to hire after race without regard to merit, and the worker who does not get to work despite his qualifications, just because he is white. This affects among other things the decision as to whether it is possible to form a family or not. This is one of the biggest challenges ahead. Creating an environment that is stable enough and predictable so that the population is given an opportunity to be able to, as well as dare to raise children. However, it is not just the directly political uncertainty that the South African minority population faces. In parallel with the fierce political climate, there is also greater concern for a future genocide – similar to what we saw in Zimbabwe against the white farmers, a genocide that was realized through the country’s agricultural reforms. Strong voices are heard within the South African establishment to carry out their own agricultural reforms, motivated by a discourse aimed at the blacks to reclaim what is rightfully theirs. This discourse fires on the already existing farm attacks, which are so numeral in number and bestial in their execution that the genocide watch organization already warns for a future genocide, and has placed the situation of the Boer residents as acute. In this respect, the situation of the residents is beyond the “uncertain” and “unpredictable” future. They feel confident in their analysis of their state, and thus also know what to expect. As a result, we can see non-state actors formed to fill the void that should be guaranteed through the state system. Where the social security network e.g. provided by help organizations and security through neighbouring watches.