These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More – A video was posted on Twitter, where a Nigerian man talks about the land reform in South Africa – Slamming all white people, he said blacks need to realise they are much better off without whites – And, black Twitter completely agreed with him, adding he spoke the truth PAY ATTENTION: Click “See first” under the “Following” tab to see Briefly news on your News Feed! Since the ANC’s land expropriation without compensation announcement last year, racism among black and white have taken center stage. It’s almost as if the topic ignited a racial war in South Africa, with social media being flooded with racist messages from either side. One such case is of an Nigerian man speaking to an EFF supporter at Home Affairs. “I met a Nigerian at Home Affairs and I had to put him on record.”, @Mmaps_ThePro captioned her tweet. I meet a Nigerian at Home Affairs and I had to put him on record. pic.twitter.com/5ZjnJTHOPP — Mmapula (@Mmaps_ThePro) March 27, 2018  According to the unidentified man, white people gave blacks ‘materials’ so that they could forget about the land they took. “Black South Africans should have got the land a long time ago. But, what white people did with you, is that they gave you what they call material, so that you could use the material and forget about the land and the important things”, he can be heard saying. He continued by thrashing all white people, going as far as to say black people need to realise they are better off with whites gone. The man added white people were responsible for black people living in “Fourways” to look down on the townships where they came from. The Nigerian man pointe to Zimbabwe, saying it is better off without whites. He said despite the economic collapse, the country would find its way back to financial stability. He said then everything would belong to the black Zimbabweans. Black Twitter saluted the man’s message, agreeing that the country does not need white people. 