PRETORIA – The ANC would welcome Julius Malema back with open arms, should the EFF leader decide to ditch his party. That is according to President Cyril Ramaphosa, who made the remarks during a voter registration drive in Tshwane on Sunday. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More The governing party expelled Malema in 2012. “We have always been open to receiving back those who’ve left and formed new parties. That has always been our position. “We received back a number of people who left and went to form COPE. Others who left and went to the UDM are back with us. And of course, the EFF members we would want to welcome them back. We would love to have Julius Malema back in the ANC. He is still ANC down, deep in his heart. So, we would like to have those who are in the EFF back in the ANC, because the ANC is their home.” However, Malema himself scoffed at the invitation, saying in a tweet, “I won’t do it, that thing is dead.”  These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More