Vicki Momberg – the ex-real estate agent who racially abused a police officer – has failed to get her conviction overturned in the Randburg Magistrate’s Court. After two postponements, it was third time unlucky for the 48-year-old. Momberg was found guilty on four counts of crimen injuria in 2016, and her two-year sentence – with one year suspended – remains in place. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More She was caught on video using the K word almost 50 times, shortly after being robbed. When cops arrived on the scene, she repeated the abusive language to a black officer over and over again. The defence first argued that the viral video of her shouting the abuse may not be authentic. They say that the Magistrate presiding over this case didn’t seem too convinced that the video had not been tampered with. Momberg’s representatives then went on to challenge the Magistrate for “failing to consider” the fact that there was no criminal intent behind her actions, as she was in an emotionally vulnerable state. However, the video’s authenticity was never doubted by the state, and they proceeded to dismiss the appeal. The Vicki Momberg case has somewhat divided opinion in South Africa. Not necessarily for the language she used, but for the context behind it. Some believe it’s a great day for justice, whereas others feel she’s been harshly treated: The dismissal of Vicki Momberg's leave to appeal sets a good precedent and is an affirmation of how there is a will in our law to deter racial encounters that are inconsistent with our vision of a non-racial society. #VickyMomberg — #RIPWinnie (@simphiwe_yana) April 18, 2018  Malema is even more racist than Momberg but the politic are too damned petrified of taking on the fascist bully. Whether we agree with the sentencing has become irrelevant, what is relevant is what is going to happen going forward and what will construe hate speech — Prudënce (@PruWolfie) April 18, 2018  These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More