Durban-  How do you kill your own father? That is the question residents of Verulam, north of Durban are asking after a man allegedly killed his father over the preparation of dog food on Monday night. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More Prem Balram, of  Reaction Unit South Africa (RUSA) said they received a call on their emergency line from a caller who found blood stains near her neighbours home on Bridgeford Drive in Mount View. “Reaction officers met the deceased son at the scene. He informed officers that on his return from work he queried about his father’s whereabouts. His 47-year-old brother informed him that his father was picked up in a red car by an unknown person and had not returned,” Balram said. It is alleged the man had suffered wounds to his face, head and chest, a broken jaw and a broken rib. Balram said the son was arrested on the scene.
“During an interview, he informed Reaction officers that he murdered his father with an iron pipe during a dispute over the cooking of food for the family’s three dogs,” Balram said. Verulam police could not be reached for comment on the murder. Daily News These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More