Tuesday, 17 April 2018 – The Provincial Commissioner of the Eastern Cape, Lt Gen Liziwe Ntshinga has applauded the Provincial Organised Crime Investigation Unit which had been roped in to assist with the investigation relating to a farm attack, house robbery that took place on a farm in the Sunlands area, Addo on Saturday evening, 14 April 2018. It is alleged that at about 18:40, a 63-year-old man went outside to feed his horses and upon entering his home, he was attacked by about three unknown males. The suspects assaulted him with an axe and demanded the keys to his safe and fled with three firearms, electronic equipment and forced the complainant into his white Isuzu LDV and they drove to a neighbouring farm. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More The suspects then ordered the complainant to open the neighbour’s house and they ransacked the neighbour’s house also. (The family was out of town at the time and the complainant was looking after their premises). At this premises, the suspects took the safe, which also contained firearms, and they drove off to a residence, believed to be somewhere in Motherwell, with the complainant. The complainant was tied up and kept in a room for the duration of the night. Early on Sunday morning, 15 April 2018, the suspects took the complainants credit cards and used it at a shopping centre in Port Elizabeth. The suspects then returned home and later drove the complainant to a service station near Njoli Square, KwaZakhele, Port Elizabeth where they released the victim and returned his LDV bakkie. The complainant managed to drive back to his farm and alerted the local police at about 15:30 on 15 April 2018, about the incidents. The complainant was taken to a hospital where he was admitted with head and arm injuries. The breakthrough was made at about 20:00 last night, Monday, 16 April 2018 when the team searched the residential homes of the suspects in Addo. Two firearms and ammunition were also recovered at the time of the arrests and will be sent for ballistic testing. The investigations are continuing and the search for the outstanding firearms are ongoing. “The dedication and tireless hours put in by our investigators in ensuring the successful and speedy arrests of the perpetrators paid off last night, Monday, 16 April 2018, when four suspects aged between 26 and 41 were behind bars in less than 24-hours after allegedly committing the offenses,” said Lt General Ntshinga. The four suspects will face several charges including attempted murder, house robbery and abduction and additional charges may be added. They are due to appear in the Kirkwood Magistrates’ Court on Thursday, 19 April 2018. “ The safety of our farming community remains one of our priorities, and we will endeavour to ensure their safety at all costs, however, we need the assistance of the Eastern Cape community to continue to work with the SAPS,” said Lt Gen Ntshinga. SAPS These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More