These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More According to the SABC three of the people were badly injured and rushed to hospital, but have since been discharged. One man had been hit on the head and knocked unconscious. The group – which allegedly included British celebrity Katie Price (see update at the bottom of the page) – were attacked when they stopped on the N17, near Ermelo. Belongings such as their cell phones, laptops, passports and cash were all stolen. Tourism officials were fuming, according to the SABC, warning that incidents such as this have a negative impact on the tourism industry. Athol Stark, from Emerlo Business Chamber, said the victims are traumatised. He said it was worse on Thursday night, but “we have debriefed them and we managed to act promptly and arranged accommodation for them.” Police are investigating and have recovered the car keys so far. Mpumalanga SAPS Brigadier Leonard Hlathi said the tourists had pulled over into a dark spot; and said: “We are pleading with motorists not to stop in dark areas because this area they stopped at is very dark.” The group, which was headed for Swaziland to film part of a London children’s programme, declined to speak to reporters. (See update below about Katie Price/Jordan.)  UPDATE: It’s alleged that famous British celebrity Katie Price (previously known as Jordan) was part of the group. She had posted a photo of herself in lingerie earlier this week on Instagram, saying that she was on her way to South Africa – “Sunday nights at home are my favourite  keeping in shape wearing my @maskateertm waist trainer before I go to South Africa this week ” And on Thursday, during the day, Katie posted an Instagram story (with a filter) – titled ‘South Africa’ – in which she said she was looking forward to a “bottle of wine” and to a “chill by the campside”. No further pictures have been posted from South Africa on her account.