PRETORIA – Eyewitness News can reveal that the South African National Defence Force (SANDF) member arrested following a robbery in Limpopo this week is the personal driver for joint operations chief, General Barney Hlatshwayo. The police arrested Corporal Jacob Marakalla in the Vhembe district on Tuesday after receiving information about suspects who were planning a cash-in-transit heist. Instead, they allegedly robbed a local business. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More It has also emerged that Marakalla is currently on trial on a charge of attempted murder for shooting a motorcyclist in the chest in an apparent road rage incident last year. Despite being on trial for attempted murder, Corporal Marakalla remained on duty, and continued to provide VIP protection services to one of the most senior national defence force officials. EWN has established that Marakalla is the VIP protection driver for joint operations chief, General Hlatshwayo. It is understood that the general is out of the country at the moment. The corporal was arrested on Wednesday while driving the high-powered VIP protection BMW used to chauffeur Hlatswayo, complete with military license plates and blue lights. The SANDF has not explained why Marakalla remained on duty while he was on trial for attempted murder but has confirmed it has now initiated the process to have him discharged. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More