Murder Victim Called A Demon: Verulam – KwaZulu-Natal 67 year old Indiren Chetty who was murdered by his son last night has been described as a demon & a monster by his neighbors & relatives. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More  During an interview this morning with residents in the area, four people known to him informed journalist that Chetty was a neighbor from hell & whose death will bring peace to the area. A mother present at the interview alleged that the elderly man had sexually assaulted her ten (10) year old daughter & three (3) other minors in separate incidents over the last few years. The police were informed & the matter had not reached the courts.  An attached neighbor said that Chetty had caged & chained his wife often and beat her. A policeman who responded to the callout confirmed that he found the deceased wife chained to a pole. She had suffered several open wounds to her head & had been hospitalized on several occasions. The police had responded to the call outs at this residence approx 40 times. Reaction Unit South Africa has recorded eighteen (18) call outs to this residence which included arson, attempted murder, torture & assault. A relative residing nearby believed that Chetty was eventually going to be murdered by his son Anesh Chetty as he often assaulted both his sons to an extent that their hands & legs were broken several times over the years. The injured son had made promises that he would kill his father as he believed that his father had murdered his mother & that the death was blamed on organ failure.  Chetty who was a bus body builder had assaulted several woman & men in the area & was known to be extremely strong despite his age. His house (picture 1) was burnt down during a family dispute. His bloodied body was found inside the family Temple (picture 2) at the family home in Bridgeford Drive – Mt View in Verulam. His son Anesh Chetty (47) has been arrested for the murder.  These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More