These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More On Wednesday, Mishka & I escaped to the North-West Province, to see his folks & just escape from reality for a week. Well, an hour into our escape, we were hit with the greatest reality of all. SOUTH AFRICA NEEDS TO CHANGE. ASAP. On the highway, heading towards Rustenburg, we noticed some weird commotion as a white bakkie was driving like an absolute lunatic. Literally. Spinning out of control. Driving into on-coming traffic. And finally racing off on the side of the road. As we drove past, Mishka and I looked back to see what was happening. There he was. A 16 year old, black boy, trying to outrun this maniac and his car. Just before we could open our mouths, he drove straight over him. OVER him. Reversed & again. Drove over this limp body. My father-in-law immediately pulled a (scary) U-Turn and sped back to the scene. By that time a few other cars pulled over & we were all a wreck. Mish and his dad went straight for the farmer, nothing physical, but way to gracious if you ask me. I went straight for the young boy – who, by the time I could hold his hand & ask questions, saw that both of his legs were broken. All of this over THREE measly oranges, that this sweet-faced, gaunt body, ripped clothed, teenager picked from a tree. A boy, who hadn’t eaten in a few days, picked THREE oranges, to take home to his family. I’m all for people praying for farm-murders to end. Murder is not right. Stealing is not right. But neither is a young, white, male, South African, thinking that HE has the right to decide the fate of this boy. Would he have done the same, had it been a white teenager? Probably not. Stop praying for change and for FLIP’S sake, implement it! Older generation. Stop with your “we were brought up this way, so it’s who we are” crap – if you WANT to change & be different to your forefathers, then bloody hell. Change! Young people, my people & penis-faced-younger-than-me-white-farmer-piece-of-cow-dung, from today, farmer. YOU KNOW BETTER. I don’t care if you’re from a suburb in Cape Town or a farm in the North-West province and your father & his father taught you that Black people are workers & you’re the “Baas.” You’re not the “Baas” anymore. Actually, you’ve never really been. That’s just a title your privilege allowed you to bestow upon YOURSELF. A title which enslaved my forefathers & the fathers of many others! If you do something like we witnessed today, you’re the furthest thing from a “baas.” You’re evil & deserve to rot in jail. I’m a coloured girl, from a lineage of slaves, married to the son of a white farmer from the North-West province. Change is possible. 