The South African Police Service in the Uitenhage Cluster has launched a manhunt for  suspects following a house robbery that occurred on Saturday evening on a farm outside Addo. Captain Gerda Swart says a 63-year-old man went outside to feed his horses and as he was busy opening his security gate to enter his home, he was attacked by three unknown men. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More The suspects assaulted the victim with an axe and demanded the keys to his safe. They took three firearms and electronic equipment and forced the complainant into his Isuzu bakkie before driving to a neighbouring farm. They ordered the farmer, who was looking after his neighbours house while they were away, to open up and the robbers promptly ransacked the premises. Here the suspects took the safe, which also contained firearms, and drove off to a residence, believed to be somewhere in Motherwell, with the complainant who was tied up and kept in a room for the duration of the night. Captain Gerda Swart says the farmer’s credit cards were used in a shopping centre in Port Elizabeth yesterday and that his attackers later left him tied up inside his bakkie at a petrol station. The complainant eventually managed to drive back to his farm and alert the police. He is  very traumatized and is receiving medical treatment in hospital. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More