Kimberley – A Reivilo couple is recovering in a Kimberley hospital after they were attacked and assaulted on their farm in the early hours of Wednesday morning. Several balaclava-clad men entered the home of Christo, 52, and Lizelle Bosman, 46, at around 2 am while they were sleeping. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More According to police spokesperson, Colonel Adele Myburgh, between seven and eight suspects gained access to the house and surprised the couple while they were sleeping. The suspects tied up the couple and stabbed Christo before fleeing with firearms, cellphones and the couple’s Ford Ranger bakkie. Myburgh added that no arrests had yet been made. The couple managed to free themselves and used a satellite phone to contact their neighbours, who came to their rescue and transported them to a Jan Kempdorp hospital. They were later transferred to Gariep Mediclinic in Kimberley, where they yesterday remained in a stable condition. According to the chairperson of the Reivilo Farmers Association, Elmien van den Bergh, there were no signs of forced entry at the house and it was suspected that the suspects gained access by using a house key. She added that Christo had been stabbed several times in his chest with an unknown sharp object, while the suspects forced him to open the safe containing firearms. Diamond Fields Advertiser These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More