JOHANNESBURG – Economists say that it is possible that fuel prices may still further increase in June. Some say that the latest fuel price hikes were largely expected, given the international increase in the price of crude oil. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More The petrol price is going up 49 cents a litre. The Energy Department announced on Thursday that motorists will have to pay between 58 cents and 59 cents more for a litre of diesel. Econometrix chief economist Azar Jammine says that further hikes could be on the horizon. “The international price of crude oil rose to its highest level in four years, on the back of cutbacks in supplies from the Middle East as they try to force prices up but also because of fears of renewed tensions between the United States and Iran.” He says fuel prices now are not so different from where they were last year December. “Oil prices remain fairly high and the rand has weakened still further so it’s conceivable that there will be further price increases in June.” These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More