Durban – A robber who had gained entry into a house in Redcliffe, north of Durban, allegedly threatened a woman and also tried to burn down the house on Thursday morning, private security company, Reaction Unit South Africa (Rusa) said. Prem Balram, Rusa spokesperson, said it is alleged that when the robber gained entrance onto the premises, the 22-year-old woman ran into the bedroom to call for assistance but the robber broke the door and forced his way into the room. The woman told officers that she did not know how the robber gained entrance into the home but he produced a 9mm pistol and assaulted her with it before threatening to kill her. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More “The suspect then attempted to set the bed alight and informed the female that he intends burning down the house in a revenge attack. He further informed the victim that his reason behind his actions was that her father was a complainant in a housebreaking case on May 22, 2017 and his brother was arrested and in jail for the crime,” Balram said. “He then stole several electronic items from the home and placed it in a bag. The suspect fled when he noticed a neighbor approaching the home. He dropped the bag which was later recovered outside the home,” he continued. He said Verulam police and the Umhlali Dog Unit responded quickly and alongside Rusa officers, searched the bush in the area but no arrest was made. He also said the robber has dreadlocks and was wearing a black jacket and carrying a 9mm pistol. Daily News SEE PICS HERE > https://www.iol.co.za/dailynews/pics-robber-tries-to-burn-house-in-revenge-attack-14531650 These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More