Malema has addressed the allegations that black people did not arrive first in South Africa first. “We were the first ones to arrive” he said. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More Malema blame whites for trying to take advantage of the fact that blacks did not know how to read or write. This comes after claims emerged recently saying, Africans arrived in 1770, the Dutch arrived in 1652, so how can the black Africans claim that the settlers stole their land when they never got there until hundreds of years after the settlers arrived? So here we have unmasked a lie black Africans tell to illegally take over land. Nobody at the cape set eyes on black people until 130 years after the white settlers arrived at the Cape, when the ‘trekboers’ – ‘voortrekkers’ in Dutch – met the Xhosa in the valleys of the Amatola in 1770. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More