Being a white farmer in South Africa is statistically one of the most dangerous jobs on the planet. According to ISS research, there are around 152,000 serving members of the police force, and around 32,000 commercial farmers, but the murder rate within these two distinct groups is roughly the same, 145 deaths per 100,000. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More But by far the most uncomfortable truth of all is that serving members of the South African police force are complicit in these attacks on farmers in the country. The victims of farm attacks have told reporters that the perpetrators went unpunished, that there were never any charges brought because the evidence was lost or the docket destroyed. Malema has been filmed leading the singing of “Shoot the Boer, Kill The Farmer” to his followers. A rash of savage farmer murders happened not long after that. Comments like this started appearing across social media These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More