These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More President said that the whites have held on to the economy of south Africa for too long therefore serious measures must be put in place to avert the situation. He said that a  “broader Based Black Economic Empowerment be pushed along at a more aggressive pace”. “We are going to sharpen our teeth and determination when it comes to unemployment.” “We expect that our black industrialists will have up to R24bn made available to them to redefine the way business is done in our country,” he said. He added that the time of white business monopolies is over and that government is hell-bent on placing the economy in black hands. “Those who don’t like this idea – tough for you. That is how we are proceeding.” He added that government was ‘obsessed’ with empowering black South Africans. “In some cases, we have become fanatical about it. It is in this area that we know we will be able to plant seeds of further economic growth in our country,” Ramaphosa said. Ramaphosa ended with the only part of his speech that didn’t stink of re-election promise; adding that academics and professionals had started the ANC and are essential in the party’s efforts to improve SA… pity the party’s current policy is to weed out any and all intellectuals within its own ranks and opt for yes-men-and-women.