Police and Search and Rescue divers recovered the body of a local actor on Friday, after a 40-metre plunge to his death in the Drakensberg. Details are still sketchy, but it is believed the 39-year-old man, who cannot be named until his family has been notified, was on-set when he lost his footing and fell into a river and washed over Sterkspruit Waterfall near Monks Cowl on Thursday evening. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More According to reports, the crew was filming a fight scene when the actor fell at around 5.30pm. Chief Okhahlamba Fire Emergency Service Fred Halgreen, Okhahlamba Municipal firemen and volunteers spent five hours searching for the man without any results. “We called off the search at around 11pm,” Halgreen told a local newspaper.    @SAPoliceService #sapsKZN Inquest: Earlier today members from PMB #SAR and Empangeni #K9SAR were called out to a scene at Monks Cowl in the Drakensberg. The Body of a 39yr-old man was recovered at 10:30 today at the foot of the falls, wedged between rocks about 1.5m deep. ME Police confirmed that an inquest docket had been registered. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More