These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More The old man is in a coma, in a hospital, in critical condition. According to sources, the aggression occurred yesterday around 02.40, In the Rainbow passage in Brasov, Entrance from Victoria Square (crossing to M. Kogalniceanu str.). Two young people, one of 18 years old, from Botosani County, and 23 years old, from Buzau County, have assaulted a 66-year-old man from Vrancea County. The three were in conflict because of a sum of money, and the two of them would have asked the old man. The two were surprised by the agent of a security company. They were detained by police officers for 24 hours, and then the court ordered their preventive arrest for 30 days. They are still being investigated in terms of committing offending offenses and other violence and disrupting order and public order. 