Black Africans arrived in 1770, the Dutch arrived in 1652, so how can the black Africans claim that the settlers stole their land when they never got there until hundreds of years after the settlers arrived? So here we have unmasked a lie black Africans tell to illegally take over land. Nobody at the cape set eyes on black people until 130 years after the white settlers arrived at the Cape, when the ‘trekboers’ – ‘voortrekkers’ in Dutch – met the Xhosa in the valleys of the Amatola in 1770. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More Whites never encountered black Africans until 1770 for one reason, that is that the black Africans entered South Africa hundreds of years after the Dutch arrived . indigenous people weren’t ever slaves in South Africa, they were never made it to South Africa until many hundreds of years after the Dutch arrived in South Africa . Lie number three: ‘Blacks are indigenous to South Africa and first settled it’. The truth: Today Blacks in South Africa often tell Afrikaners and other minorities such as the Coloreds, Indians, Chinese or Jews to adapt to their misrule and corruption or “Go Home”… implying that we, who have been born here, who hold legal citizenship through successive birthrights; should emigrate to Europe, Malaysia, India or Israel. That the only ones who have a legal claim to South Africa, all of it, are the blacks. Blacks believe that they are ‘indigenous to South Africa’, but they are not. It was proven by DNA research. We are ALL settlers in South Africa. All South Africans are settlers, regardless of their skin color, and their DNA carries the proof. So says Dr. Wilmot James, head of the African Genome Project, a distinguished academic, sociologist and, more recently, honorary professor of human genetics at the University of Cape Town.  Where is the archaeological proof that blacks ‘settled’ South Africa? Apart from a few scattered archaeological remains found of black culture in the far northern Transvaal prior to 1652, it is generally agreed that blacks and whites were contemporary settlers of South Africa. I use the term “Settler” loosely, because blacks never ‘settled’ South Africa; their presence was nomadic. Blacks were itinerants who traveled from place to place with no fixed home. Whole capital “cities” of grass huts could be moved if grazing was exhausted. They had no demarcated areas, no fences, no borders, no maps, no title deeds to proof ownership of any land apart from a verbal claim and mutual understanding that their temporary presence in a certain area in a certain period of time constituted “ownership” of the land. They left behind no foundations of buildings, no statues, no roads, no rock paintings, not a single proof of “settlement” of the land prior to the whites settling South Africa. The only rock paintings were made by the Bushmen and the Hottentots (Khoi-Khoi and San) in the caves they temporarily occupied. Blacks were pastoral-nomads and the Bushmen/Hottentots were hunter-gatherer-nomads. Whites, on the other hand, built cities, railroads, dams and a first world country comparable to the best in Europe and the new world… their legacy speaks of a people who intended to live there for a thousand years, if not eternity. To claim that ‘the whole of Africa belongs to Blacks’ is absurd. It is like an Italian claiming the whole of Europe belongs to Italians, including Norway. In fact, the pyramids of Egypt are proof of Arabian settlement going back thousands of years—and also the Phoenicians settling Carthage and the Greeks settling Alexandria. The Arabs settled North Africa soon after the Prophet Mohammed died and the whites settled Southern Africa from 1652 onwards. Today there are three Africas as Dr. Eschel Rhoodie calls it in his book “The Third Africa” (1968)… Arabic up north, Black in the centre and Whites at the south… The white settlers of the Cape first came face to face with the Bantu around 1770 on the banks of the Great Fish River, 120 years after Van Riebeeck came to the Cape and 1000 km east of Cape Town. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More