Son Murders Father Over Cooking Dispute: Verulam – Kwazulu Natal At approx 19:48 (Monday) Reaction Unit South Africa received a distress call from a female. The caller informed the controller on duty that blood splatter was found at her neighbors house & that the owner of the home was missing. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More  Reaction Officers were despatched to the home on Bridgeford Drive in Mount View – Verulam and upon arrival was met with the victims son. He informed Officers that on his return from work he queried his fathers whereabouts. His 47 year old brother informed him that his father was picked up in a red car by an unknown person & had not returned. The brother became suspicious when he noticed blood in the yard (picture 7). He then pointed out a trail of blood leading to the family temple. The bloodied body of 67 year old Indiren Chetty was found lying face up on the floor (picture 1). RUSA Paramedics were called to the scene and pronounced the victim deceased. He suffered deep wounds to his face, head & chest, a broken jaw & a broken rib.  Anesh Chetty, the victims son was arrested on scene. During an interview he informed Reaction Officers that he murdered his father with an iron pipe during a dispute over the cooking of food for the family’s three dogs (picture 8 ).  The suspect had previously burnt down the family home after a dispute several years ago. He lived in burnt down home with his father & sibling after his mum died of renal failure last year. He is temporarily employed as a painter. Anesh Chetty is currently detained at SAP Verulam These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More