Cope founder and president Mosiuoa Gerard Patrick Lekota has attacked EFF founder and president Julius Malema on the issue of land in South Africa. “One minute Malema talks about killing white people, and the next minute he is running to the police when information emerges that someone wants to assassinate him. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More He is a weak boy who can’t finish what he started. He is fake. He is a small boy in the body of a man,” “Malema says he wants to take land from  white farmers. Who told him he owns the land? He must get his facts straight and not run like a coward when he is threatened” Lekota said. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More