American president Donald Trump says the war over land in South Africa and other African countries does not make sense. Speaking in Washington DC on Monday night, Trump said he does not understand stand “why people in Africa won’t live with each other in peace and harmony” These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More “Africans always burn things. The always resort to violence and they will never get satisfied,” “I don’t see why whites should leave the continent and why their property should be taken away from them. If Africans kick whites out of Africa, then African Americans and every other black person in other parts of the world must go back to Africa!” Trump Said. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More