A travel website that forms part of the Australian government has issued a worrying piece of advice for Australians who may be travelling to South Africa. With tensions high between the two countries’ governments, Australia doesn’t look to be holding back. The website, Smart Traveller, is now advising Australians to use a “high degree of caution” when visiting SA. “Exercise a high degree of caution because of the high level of serious crime. Pay close attention to your personal security at all times. Monitor media and other sources of information about possible new security risks.” “The frequency of most types of crime is increasing. Robberies are frequently reported on the roads and at shopping centres. Visitors to shopping malls should remain vigilant at all times.” These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More The government is also warning that there “is a threat of terrorism in South Africa”. The attacks could apparently be indiscriminate and include places visited by foreigners, such as malls and shopping centres. With terrorism alarmingly common in Europe and the US, we would say linking SA to terror hotspots is grossly exaggerated and unfair. Oh, the Aussies really don’t like our minibus taxis either. “Be cautious when using public transport. Avoid using minibus taxis due to safety and security concerns. Many of these vehicles are in poor condition, drivers, often unlicensed and almost invariably uninsured, drive erratically, and disputes between rival drivers may become violent.” They also warn that “large gatherings” should be avoided as “they can quickly turn violent”. Wow, guys, seriously? What about all our sports venues, nightclubs etc? Read: “The more South Africans, the better” – Australian A-G wants SA farmers They were kind enough to give our SAPS this glowing compliment too. “Don’t expect the same level of service from South African police as you would in Australia.” These Aussies seem like such a nice bunch neh? It’s fine Australia, most of us don’t want to visit your country either… These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More