Oh mercy no! Now this habit of breaking down everything and burning everything is out of control. Kaiser Chiefs supporters stormed the field and set the stadium on fire at the end of the Nedbank cup semi final match against ‘Free State stars’ at the Moses Mabhida Stadium. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More Security guards were assaulted and equipment destroyed. A female security guard died after she was kicked and hit with chairs. And this because they lost the game! One realizes that day by day, we simply cannot waste any time trying to make this South Africa work. It just does not help. The barbarity is getting worse. Read the original article in Afrikaans on Front Nasionaal SA These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More