Two Year Old Witnesses Mothers Murder: Cottonlands – KZN A 21 year old female was stabbed to death in the presence of her two (2) year old child and her husband during a robbery a short while ago. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More At approx 11:58 a motorist who was driving on an unused dirt road noticed the a child sitting on top of a bleeding woman. The man drove to the RUSA Operations Center in Verulam and reported the incident. Reaction Officers & Paramedics from Reaction Unit South Africa were despatched to the area and after a brief search with the South African Police, the victim, her child & husband was located alongside a sugarcane plantation. Medics attempted to resuscitate the woman but she died on scene. Her child who was seated on top of her body had to be removed by Officers. According to her husband, the couple was on route to their home in the BS Farm area when they were approached by two (2) African males who robbed the woman of her Mobicell cellphone. One suspect then drew a knife & stabbed the woman in her right back before fleeing. Reaction Officers are in the area and currently searching for the suspects. The RUSA Helicopter will be lifting off shortly to intensify the search for the murderers.     These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More