These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More A young woman from Port Elizabeth took matters into her own hands early on Tuesday morning when a thief pretending to sell newspapers tried to grab her handbag from her car at a traffic light. “Luckily my handbag was on the floor, had it been on the seat he would have taken it. He put his head in my car and tried to reach for the bag.  I got scared and I pepper sprayed him and he fell to the ground. I was so scared I started driving right away and ran him over, breaking his legs.  I didn’t mean to hurt him that much.” said Susan as she wept. Susan says she always has the pepper spray with her, and she thanks her mother for buying it for her, else she would have been a victim today. Emergency services came to the scene and the alleged thief was taken to hospital. He will be arrested for attempted robbery.