The wife of a South African farmer has revealed the life-ruining anguish she has endured after she was forced to watch as her beloved husband was shot in the face by a black intruder. Mariandra Heunis witnessed her husband Johann, 43, being murdered on their chicken holding near Pretoria during a break-in. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More Their six-year-old daughter Mieke pleaded with the man who killed her father to take her piggy bank if it meant he would stop attacking him. Ms Heunis, who was 36-weeks pregnant at the time of the killing, said the attack has ruined her life and those of her children Mieke, Mischa, 4, and Majandre, 2. ‘They just murdered him in cold blood… horrifically, for no reason,’ she said. ‘We were woken up in our house with two attackers standing there and they shot him six times in front of me and my daughter,’ she told 2GB. ‘They took a father… they took our whole lives that night.’ One of the men fired a shot at little Mieke as she begged for them to spare her father. Just five days after her husband’s funeral. Ms Heunis gave birth to Andre Johann, named after his father, on what happened to be her birthday. Ms Heunis said her husband was shot six times, with the final shot hitting him between the eyes during the vicious invasion in October 2016. The intruders took two phones so she could not call for help, as well as her car keys leaving her stranded at the farm. The toll of the attack on the young family has been immense. Mieke is being treated with antidepressants, The Australian reported. Ms Heunis said her entire community is living in fear of further attacks. ‘It’s living in constant fear, It’s being ready for anything when the dark comes.’ Her comments come as Home Affairs Minister Peter Dutton faces increased pressure to allow people facing racially charged attacks in South Africa into Australia. A fast-track plan to bring up to 10,000 South African farmers to Australia has been put to the Immigration Minister in a push to remove at-risk families from danger. The call followed the South African Government’s revelation it would be working to transfer farming land back into the hands of black citizens. Mr Dutton received a written letter requesting he overhauled existing visa rules and provide humanitarian assistance to families still living in South Africa. Community spokesman, Arno Nel penned the letter, drawing attention to the matter of white South Africans having their land expropriated without compensation. Mr Nel agreed with Mr Dutton’s comments on the plight of farmers who claimed they were suffering targeted and brutal attacks at the hands of black citizens. ‘The Australian government should be aware that many Australian citizens with South African heritage have families that are in constant danger,’ the letter stated. ‘We hope that Australia will extend the privilege of living in Australia to those families of Australian citizens who are facing this danger, by creating a family visa that is low-cost and not subject to age and other conditions.’ Mr Nel, whose parents were attacked in the northern city of Pretoria five years ago, called on the Government to ‘fast-track the immigration of South African farmers to Australia on humanitarian and protection visa programs’. Source : http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-5610567/South-African-farmers-wife-reveals-thug-shot-husband-dead-children.html These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More