The minister of home affairs in South Africa Mr.  Malusi Gigaba revealed at a press briefing in Pretoria on Friday afternoon that white people, young and old,  should adopt African names and have them in their ID’s,  to be recognized as true South Africans. Asked what constitutes a true South African, Gigaba said: These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More “this is proof that they are not buying into the idea of becoming true South Africans. White people must have at least one African name to be recognized as true South Africans”, Gigaba said. Gigaba says that even Nigerians who come into the country illegally adopt South African names and surnames when they come here, to blend in. “You’d expect white people to do the same, but they don’t. White people, what’s wrong with the idea of naming you child Nkosinathi or Zodwa?” he asked. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More