These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More Durban – Police have opened an investigation into the horror crash that killed two people in New Germany last Tuesday. CCTV footage of the crash has emerged and shows the police van skipping a red traffic light and crashing into a red Toyota Yaris. Rescue Care Paramedics responded to the scene of the incident where they found that a police vehicle and a car had collided before the police vehicle overturned coming to rest on its side, said Garrith Jamieson of Rescue Care. CCTV footage of the crash has emerged and shows the police van skipping a red traffic light and crashing into a red Toyota Yaris. Video: Supplied “Two occupants from the vehicle a male and a female were found to be severely entrapped in the wreckage. They had sustained major injuries and when assessed by Paramedics it was found that they had passed away due to the severity of their injuries. The policeman and two other occupants from the vehicle had sustained moderate injuries and were stabilised on the scene by Advanced Life Support Paramedics before being transported to a nearby hospital for the further care that they required,” said Jamieson. At the time of the incident, Captain Nqobile Gwala, police spokesperson said two people were certified dead at the scene and charges of culpable homicide were opened at Pinetown police station for investigation. Gwala said that the policeman who survived the crash is still in hospital in a serious condition. Daily News