These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More Cape Town – South African comedian Trevor Noah hit the nail on the head in a recent behind-the-scenes clip released by The Daily Show on YouTube. In the almost 4 minute long clip Trevor perfectly explains to his mostly American audience why a South African woman was recently sentenced to jail after going on a shocking racist rant against police officers trying to assist her. Vicki Momberg was sentenced to an effective two years in prison by the Randburg Magistrate’s Court last week for her racist tirade in 2016. SEE THE VIDEO CLIP HERE: (Warning: The video contains strong language) 