These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More Police spokesperson, Zweli Mohobeleli, says not much information is available at the stage. He did,  however, confirm the farmer was alone in his house when two men gained entrance and attacked him. Firearms and a cell phone are missing from the scene. The attackers allegedly fled on foot. According to OFM News, they have learnt from a reliable source  the farmer, Chris du Plooy, was tied to a chair before he was stabbed in the neck and chest. Du Plooy managed to untie himself early this morning, after the attack last night.  Mohobeleli says police reacted swiftly, and Du Plooy’s condition is unknown at this stage.