The DA Abroad has spoken against claims of “white genocide” targeting farmers in South Africa, calling the claims divisive. “We are of the view that these narratives surrounding an alleged ‘white genocide’ are blatantly incorrect and simply untrue. These reports are nothing more than an attempt to divide South Africans on the basis of race and to derail our country’s reconciliation process,” said DA Abroad leader Francine Higham in a statement. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More DA Abroad is a group for DA supporters living outside the country around the world. “The DA Abroad strongly condemns the orchestrated narrative of genocide in South Africa targeted at white farmers. There have recently been numerous reports from Australia and Belgium media as well as various protest action against an alleged ‘white genocide’ taking place in South Africa,” she said. Higham said the group released this statement as a response to the recent protests in Australia and Belgium, which were sparked as a result of land reform debates. She said this narrative was widely communicated with no concrete facts to support it. “The wider issues are around crime and rural safety. The call should be to protect all South Africans,” she said. Higham noted the calls for the Australian government to consider a “special intake” of white South African farmers facing alleged violence. Australian Home Affairs Minister Peter Dutton reportedly supported possibilities for special visas for white farmers from South Africa on refugee or humanitarian grounds in Australia. Following Dutton statements, Minister of International Relations and Cooperation Lindiwe Sisulu demanded a retraction of the comments related to the South African land redistribution process. The leader of the Economic Freedom Fighters, Julius Malema has also spoken out against the claims. “There is a narrative out there that we want to commit a ‘white genocide’, those are the people who can’t counter the land question issue with facts,” said Malema at Winnie Madikizela-Mandela’s memorial hosted by the EFF on last Wednesday. “No white man has been killed in South Africa because of the land … There’s no case in South Africa of any white person killed because people wanted the land. No, not even one,” said Malema These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More