After EFF leader Julius Malema took a swipe at some ANC leaders for allegedly having sold out struggle icon and stalwart Winnie Madikizela-Mandela some have questioned the historical basis of his anger. Addressing funeral attendees at Orlando Stadium in Soweto, Malema told ANC leaders it was funny that ANC and UDF “sellouts” were unashamedly attending the funeral and crying the loudest for her now that she was dead. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More According to Malema, in the 1980s the United Democratic Front (UDF), the banned ANC’s front organisation, called a press conference to distance itself from Madikizela-Mandela. “Mama, the UDF cabal that rejected you is here, they called a press conference to dissociate themselves from you. But you were never a member of the UDF, you were the only one who pronounced as the ANC,” Malema said. The ANC Women’s League also did not escape Malema’s sharp tongue. He said some in the league refused to be led by Madikizela-Mandela and rejected her because they regarded her as a “criminal”. Similarly, the ANC also prevented the struggle stalwart from speaking at the funeral of late former ANC Youth League president and party NEC member Peter Mokaba, although she was the president of the ANCWL and the league was on the funeral programme that day. ALSO READ:  ‘They are here’ – Malema rails against Winnie’s ‘traitors’ at funeral He said the EFF would wait for a signal from Madikizela-Mandela to tell them what they should do about those who had rejected and sold her out. He alluded to the fact that their mother was ill-treated by the apartheid authorities and that her children suffered under the same system. “The EFF leadership is here because they proudly associate with you,” Malema said. However, some on Twitter questioned whether Malema had his facts right. Former UDF member Madeleine Fullard said it was wrong of Malema not to mention that it was the ANC leader himself at the time, Oliver Tambo, who was the face of an ANC national executive decision to distance themselves from Winnie Mandela’s Mandela United Football Club and have it disbanded. So Julius threatens the 'UDF cabal' for their actions around the Mandela United Football Club back in 1989 but doesn't mention this was the ANC NEC position including OR Tambo. — Madeleine Fullard (@mfullard2) April 14, 2018  Columnist Max du Preez said Malema could not be excused for only having been eight years old in 1989. “He should get his facts correct before he speaks.” His excuse can't be that he was only 8 years old then. As leader of a national political party he should get his facts correct before he speaks. OR Tambo himself ordered the MUFC to be disbanded https://t.co/s7oWy6j4SD — Max du Preez (@MaxduPreez) April 14, 2018  READ MORE HERE  These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More