The FF Plus has condemned the gruesome attack on Mr. Mike Bonnette, a farmer from Chrissiefontein in the Midvaal district, said Mr. Kobus Hoffman, councilor of the Sedibeng municipal council. The victim is a farmer who, among other things, has built a school for the local less privileged children at his own expense and has done a great deal of upliftment work among the community. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More “It is extremely regrettable that such a community activist and contributor of charity has become the target of such cowardly acts. It’s a clear sign that nothing and nobody will be spared, “said Mr. Hoffman. “It’s just a miracle that Mr. Bonnette survived the attack. The FF Plus wishes him a speedy recovery. “This cowardly act is directly attributed to the public incitement to violence, hate speech and racial hatred by politicians in particular,” said Mr. Hoffman. Read the original article in Afrikaans on Die Vryburger These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More