Tiso Blackstar reporters on the scene confirmed that about 20 vehicles parked outside the property shortly before 2pm. The officials were from the Asset Forfeiture Unit, the SAPS, SA Revenue Service and Civil Aviation Authority. Some were in marked vehicles. While it was not immediately known what the agencies were looking for, it is believed that they were going to the house to seize vehicles belonging to the controversial family. They were also expected to drive to the Lanseria Airport once they were done at the compound. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More Private security at the compound initially refused to let the authorities in, but that they later relented. A civilian stopped in front of the compound to ask what is going on, and she was told that officials were there to seize Gupta assets. “That’s good,” she replied. This is a developing story. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More