The police in Mpumalanga have began a serious investigation in an incident that occurred where  farm attackers opened fire at one another  after mistaking each other for ADT Officers in a farm outside Hendrina Middleburg, MP. It was revealed that the sad incident took place at about 9:OOPm, on Sunday that left the whole area and farming community in shock. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More Kobus noticed that there invaders, he got his radio and began to call other local farmers and CPF (Community Police Forum) The invaders on hearing the noise of the radio, started shooting sporadically, there by shooting in every direction, eventually shot each other. It was exposed that two died instantly, while four was left critically injured. One of the surviving attackers said he was the first to open fire as he heard noise of the radio. “It was dark and we could hardly see or recognize each other. We saw an ADT sign hanging on the fence , when we came in, that is why we thought it was guards present on the farms, when we heard the radio” The surving suspects were taking to the hospital in middleburg  and under serious police watch. They would be taken to custody as soon as they recover  These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More