These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More The incident occurred on the Friedenheim road near the University of Mpumalanga in the direction of Mbombela. The road is currently closed. Police are still searching for the suspects. Anyone with information regarding the incident should contact Hawks investigator Col William Mokonyama on 082-565-7099. We will update our readers as soon as more information becomes available.  09:00 MBOMBELA – A Mercedes-Benz crashed into an SBV cash-in-transit vehicle at around 05:15 this morning. A few minutes later residents in the area claimed to have heard 3 explosions and gunfire. An abandoned police van which is believed to be from Komatipoort Police Station as well as a dead person wearing a police issued vest was also found on the scene.  A white BMW X5 was found abandoned on the KaMagugu and KaNyamazane road and is also alleged to be involved in the CIT heist. Suspects escaped with an undisclosed amount of cash. This is a developing story and Lowvelder will update our readers as soon as more information becomes available. 