On 14 April 2018, at approximately 01:00 about seven suspects attacked a farm in Bokfontein in the North West. Two of the attackers gained access to the house by opening a sliding door and by opening the bolts locking the gate from the inside. They then proceeded to open the doors inside the house by removing the hinge pins. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More They were armed with tonfas (police style batons) and a sambok, they brutally attacked a woman and her 9, and 13 year old daughters by hitting them over the head and their backs. Both the attackers spoke English, and were tall and skinny. They wore black clothes and had hoodies on. The family had 2 big dogs outside, only laptop and two cellphones were taken. No arrests have been made yet.
An ambulance responded to attend to the injured family and trauma counselors are tending to the them. Read the original article Waterberg Veiligheid/Sekuriteit South Africa Today – South Africa News These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More