Durban – The KwaZulu-Natal Department of Education has launched an investigation into how a KwaDukuza teacher has been on sick leave for the past 14 years. While the Daily News was told by sources that the teacher was still receiving her full pay, Education Department spokesperson Muzi Mahlambi said her salary had been suspended. However, he did not say when the suspension had become effective. This is just one of several cases the department is investigating involving teachers who have been on extended leave, in many instances with full pay and benefits. The KwaDukuza teacher’s extended leave was brought into focus after her replacement at the school began proceedings with the department to employ her permanently after substituting at the school for 14 years. The high school teacher, who cannot be named for fear of being victimized, was excited when she secured a teaching job at the same school where she had matriculated, to work in place of a teacher who was on leave. She had just finished her matric the year before and considered herself lucky to get the opportunity to work while she studied towards a degree in teaching. Years went by but her hopes of getting a full-time job with the department faded when it became clear that the teacher whose position she was acting in was not coming back and there was no clarity over the status of the position. She tried to get an explanation from the district office about how long she would have to work as a replacement but could not get any firm answers. “I think she is still getting a salary because her payslips are still being sent to the school. “Although I am grateful that I have a job, this situation has put my life on hold. I am unable to buy myself a house. “The banks cannot finance me because I am not permanently employed. And because of this, I am unable to get the benefits enjoyed by my colleagues such as medical aid, contributing to a pension fund and a housing allowance, she said. Her loyalty to the school was the reason she never lost hope of getting a permanent post, she said. “I have a special bond to this school. I spent my high school years here and after matric I told myself that I would like to become a teacher at my school and make a difference. “When I got the job, it was like a dream come true and a chance for me to make that difference I always dreamed of.” Efforts to get her union to assist her were unsuccessful. The Daily News has established through sources at the education district office in KwaDukuza that the teacher in the permanent post was on leave and was in the process of getting a medical boarding after suffering a depression-related illness in 2013. She is one of many teachers who have not been to the classroom for years, but continue to receive their salaries either because they are unfit to teach or are still waiting for the outcome of their medical boarding applications. The provincial Department of Education declined to provide details about the teacher who has been on leave for 14 years, saying this was confidential information. Spokesperson Kwazi Mthethwa said such teachers were costing the department. The department was aware of the problem of teachers who have been on leave for years, but admitted that 14 years was a long time and that something should have been done to find a solution. He said the case of the KwaDukuza teacher was not the only one and that the department was addressing it. Mthethwa said the human resources department had already been briefed by MEC Mthandeni Dlungwana to start processes to root out all teachers sitting at home and earning a salary undeservedly. The exercise would use relevant department policies. All those who earned a salary while on leave for a very long time would be investigated and if found that they had been at home fraudulently, they would soon be caught out. “In cases of those with proof that they are unfit to work, we want to provide solutions and look at the possibility of negotiating with such employees with an aim of finding solutions that would minimise the expenses and save money for the department,” he said. This exercise formed part of Dlungwana’s Consequence Management strategy which placed responsibility on the employees of the department to account for their wrongdoing and encouraged employees to do their jobs properly. Dlungwana was serious about clamping down on teachers who were paid for doing nothing, Mthethwa said. “This is one of his turn-around strategies developed to root out corruption in the system, and unnecessary expenditure.” Daily News