Cyril Ramaphosa’s intriguing cabinet reshuffle has brought back some familiar faces. Bheki Cele has returned to a government role in policing, six years after Jacob Zuma fired him. Cele is brought in for Fikile Mbalula, who served just 11 months in the position. Mbaks was more known for his antics on Twitter than his police work, and he even used the social media site to congratulate the man replacing him. @MbalulaFikile I support the president reshuffle , Personally I think BHEKI Cele will do a fantastic job YES I didn’t expect to b removed but I accept the change An  now at Luthuli house peace!!! So what does South Africa need to know about its latest case of “in with the old, out with the new”? We’re looking at five of the essential facts we need to know about the Minister of Police: Ah. Not the start we were looking for. Public Protector Thuli Madonsela uncovered his role in a legally-dubious leasing operation. Cele was heavily involved with building vendors Roux Shabungu, who were leasing property to the police at extortionate rates. At the time, Madonsela labelled Cele’s conduct as “improper, unlawful and amounting to maladministration”. Is he capable of changing his spots? Last year, Cele picked apart the nature of state capture and attacked the architects behind the corruption. It’s fair to say, he’ll be happy to see the back of the Guptas: “Guptas are right, left and centre. Where do we govern if CVs were sent to the Guptas first? Guptas must leave us alone, they must leave the country. They must leave with their friends. We didn’t go to exile, jail for the Guptas.” Cele particularly found his voice in the run-up to the ANC’s 54th Elective Conference back in December 2017. He publicly denounced Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma as a Gupta stooge and demanded Jacob Zuma faces accountability for his role in state corruption. However, Cele’s clearest nemesis is Ace Magashule. He’s identified him as being “too close for comfort” with the Gupta family. The new Police Minister even used the ANC’s 106th birthday celebrations to deride Magashule. It’s well worth a watch. Simon Wright, of the Daily Mirror, threatened Cele with legal action for allegedly defaming him after his arrest during the FIFA World Cup. Wright was arrested after being accused of helping to stage a security breach at Cape Town Stadium with Pavlos Joseph  – the British fan who was taken into custody for wandering into the English football team’s changing room. Wright’s lawyer William Booth said he sent a letter of demand for R50 million to Cele Bheki Cele is a huge believer in having a fighting-fit force at his disposal. So he lead the charge against pot-bellies in 2011 when he demanded that all police officers must have “enviable” bodies to do their job correctly. He coined the term “stomach in, chest out” and it struck a chord with the South African public, even spawning a few techno-remixes along the way.