Land expropriation has been quickly gathering pace over the last few years. After the ANC government’s “willing buyer willing seller” method didn’t yield the intended results, the EFF brought “without compensation” into the mainstream. Fast forward to the ANC’s December National Elective Conference and the “mainstream” swing really kicked into gear. After years of disagreeing with the EFF and a lack of progress, the ANC officially made expropriation without compensation, the official position of the party. In Parliament on Tuesday, EFF leader Julius Malema put forward a motion calling for the Constitution to be amended in order to allow for land expropriation without compensation. After a debate, the motion passed with huge support. With the DA, Cope and ACDP the only noteworthy objections, the ANC, IFP, NFP, UDM, Agang, AIC and APC all rallied together to pass the motion. Although President Cyril Ramaphosa has been adamant that the expropriation will be done “properly” and not threaten food security, many still have more questions than answers. Malema looked to provide a little bit of clarity when probed by journalists outside the National Assembly on Tuesday afternoon. “Every land in South Africa should be expropriated without compensation and it will be under the state. The state should be the custodian of the land.” “No one is going to lose his or her house, no one is going to lose his or her flat, no one is going to lose his or her factory or industry. All [that] we are saying is they will not have the ownership of the land.” The EFF Commander-in-chief went on to say that those with property will then be given a lease, depending on the specific arrangement. Malema said that once the state has control of land, there will be areas that are vacant. From there, that land should be made available to the previously disadvantaged. The red overall wearing party now intends to fire a “warning shot” at the DA by removing their mayor in Nelson Mandela Bay. Malema stressed that unless the DA changes its land attitude, Joburg and Tshwane could follow. Parliament’s Constitutional Review Committee now has until 30 August to report back to the National Assembly