Mike Mabuyakhulu, the convener of the interim ANC KwaZulu-Natal leadership has been arrested after handing himself over to police this morning. Mabuyakhulu has been arrested alongside several others, including husband and wife, Siza and Zama Mkhize and Durban socialite and businessman, Mabheleni Ntuli. There are a total of 16 people accused in the case. Mabuyakhulu has appointed Advocate Paul Jorgensen to represent him. He is accused of fraud, corruption and money laundering. “We have not yet been given details of the charges they face,” Jorgensen told the Sunday Tribune as he arrived at Durban’s Commercial Crimes Court. Mabuyakhulu, who was the former MEC for economic development and tourism in KZN, was booted out of the provincial government in 2016 when the ANC in KZN led by Sihle ZIkalala, the chairperson of the disbanded structure, fired supporters of the Senzo Mchunu faction. Mabuyakhulu is expected to be formally charged this afternoon. Meanwhile, Mabuyakhulu’s supporters lept to his defence amid the charges against him. The charges are understood to stem from the R28 million the KZN government forked out in 2012 for a music North Sea Jazz Festival in Durban which never happened. Also Read: R28m wasted on Jazz festival Asked if this was the reason for his arrest, his lawyer Jorgensen said: ‘We don’t know yet”. His supporters have questioned the timing of the charges. Sithenjwa Nyawose, an ANC Umlazi councillor, said by telephonic interview that he was shocked that the charges were brought just after he was appointed as convener. “This leaves much to be desired for. It really raises many questions about the timing of the charges.” ANC member, Sibusiso Dlamini, said: “The charges are clearly politically motivated. Why are the charges brought now when the event was supposed to take place in 2012.” Mabuyakhulu, who is the former treasurer of the ANC in KZN was appointed the convener of the PTT after the National Executive Committee (NEC) suspended the leadership of the ANC in KZN led by Sihle Zikalala after the Pietermaritzburg nullified the provincial executive committee elected in 2015. Mabuyakhulu was part of the camp that was aligned to Senzo Mchunu which lost the conference. He openly campaigned alongside Mchunu for Cyril Ramaphosa building up to the ANC December conference. Ramaphosa won. This is a developing story. WHO ARE THE ACCUSED? 1. Desmond Khalid Golding 2. Ceaser Walter Mkhize 3. Soft Skills Communications 100CC (represented by Ceaser Walter Mkhize) 4. Shaka Holdings (represented by Ceaser Walter Mkhize) 5. Zandile Nonjabulo Mbongwe 6. Maqhoboza Traders CC (represented by Ceaser Walter Mkhize and Zandile Nonjabulo Mbongwe) 7. Nothando Zungu 8. Ishashalazi Productions CC (represented by Nothando Zungu) 9. Mabheleni Leewas Ntuli 10. Super Size Investment 20 CC (reoresented by Mabheleni Leewas Ntuli) 11. Nonhlanhla Brenda Ninela (Mfeka) 12. Mzwandile Basil Ninela 13. Ishinga Holdings (represented by the Ninela’s, accused 11 and 12) 14. Ntokozo Ndlovu 15. DMD Capital (PTY) LTD (represented by Ntokozo Ndlovu) 16. Michael Mabuyakhulu SUNDAY TRIBUNE