Five South African Police Service (SAPS) officers have lost their lives during the Eastern Cape police murders, in the early hours of Wednesday morning near Queenstown. According to SAPS, an unknown group of armed suspects entered the Ngcobo Police Station police station and, without warning, randomly opened fire on the members on duty. Three members were killed instantly in the Community Service Centre. An off-duty soldier was also shot dead as the suspects were fleeing. The gang, estimated to be made up of between five to ten members, then stole a police van during their getaway. Tragically, two officers were in the vehicle and they were eventually killed too. SAPS confirmed the final two victims were murdered “execution style”. Their bodies were found dumped six kilometres away from the police station, both with gunshot wounds. @MbalulaFikile Shocked and outraged by the reported killings of 5 police officers at eNgcobo in Eastern Cape. The killing of our law enforcement officers robs us of dedicated servants of our people whose only sin was to serve and protect. Sad and tragic loss to their families. SAPS react to Ngcobo police killings The brutal nature of the crime has left authorities in shock. General Khehla John Sitole condemned the “heartless” killers, and vowed not to rest until they are made to face justice: “I am appalled and deeply saddened by the cold and callous attack on our colleagues this morning. I’ve activated a task team comprising of experienced detectives of the South African Police Service and the Directorate for Priority Crime Investigation to investigate this attack.” “We will not rest until we have tracked down these heartless killers and bring them to book.” A large-scale manhunt is now underway for the perpetrators. Airwing and high-risk task forces have been added to the case to track down those behind the murders. SAPS report that the gang also robbed a nearby ATM before the incident, and stole the slain officers’ guns during the ambush. Police are yet to establish a motive for the crime.