A video has been recovered, clearly showing people carrying guns and swords, moving in a crowd and creating upheaval. The video being apparently shot from the rooftop also recorded the sound of a gun being fired, at about the same time when a young man Chandan Gupta died after being shot. The fanatic mob then went on to burn public property and shops. This all started when the members of Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) and the Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) decided to celebrate Republic Day by carrying out a “Tiranga Yatra” on their bikes, furling the national flag. Everything was fine until the bikers moved into the Muslim-dominated neighbourhood raising the slogan of “Vande Matram” and “Bharat Mata ki Jai”, where they were confronted by the mob holding swords and guns.  Video: NDTV A heated argument took place between the people of two communities which led to a violent clash and the subsequent death of Chandan Gupta who has also been spotted in the video riding the bike with 2 others sitting on the back. The Police has started investigating the video, to arrive at a conclusion on how this mayhem started. Once the sequence of occurrence of various events is traced down it will become easy for police to identify the culprits. Violence exacerbated after the death of Chandan with led to several revenge attacks for the next three days until the situation was controlled. Police also circulated some pictures which show elders of both the communities settling down the issue mutually. Refusing it as the case of death due to violence among the two communities, Chandan’s parents have claimed that their son was deliberately shot because he was a Hindu and he refused to say “Pakistan Zindabad” as asked by Muslim curators. Indian media is also being allegedly blamed for not covering this case sincerely and belittling the death of Chandan. If the person would have been a Muslim, news channels would have created a haul by specifically mentioning the religion of the person as was the case with Junaid. Media covered it with headlines “A Muslim boy made victim of mob lynching”, though it eventually turned out that the fight was over the seat in the train compartment. Well, this shows insincerity on the part of Indian media, where they are just escalating the minority fear by specifying the religion whenever any minority dies. But, in the case of Chandan who is a Hindu, they just mentioned that “One died in a communal clash”.  India being a secular nation, the majority has never tried to dominate over any of the minorities but it’s just the portrayal by the media and the hate speeches by some anti-national elements which instils the fears among them, ultimately provoking them to act violently. And if the clash occurs, then it is not only from one side as usually shown by media. Covering all the aspects of a story is important in a multi-religious society, failure of which can lead to speculation and rumours which culminate into a clash.