On Thursday, Justice and Correctional Services Minister Michael Masutha, announced that government will launch the Nelson Mandela Rules for the treatment of prisoners. The rules are set to be used by many countries around the world and has featured at the United Nations. Mashuta announced the news while following in his fellow ministers’ footsteps and briefing the media ahead of tabling his budget in Parliament. The launch of the Mandela rules will be one of the latest ideas unveiled or implemented to commemorate the centenary birthday celebrations of Mandela and Albertina Sisulu. “In July this year, our country will launch the Nelson Mandela Rules for the Treatment of Prisoners. “The Mandela Rules, which Cabinet approved in March this year, are a set of universally acknowledged minimum standards for the treatment of prisoners to which member states of the United Nations committed themselves in December,” he said. With it being no secret that South Africa’s correctional facilities are overcrowded, understaffed and often in a terrible state, Mashuta insisted that security breaches were the main concern. Read: Car thieves try to escape police, end up in Pollsmore prison grounds In the last few weeks, prisoners have escaped from facilities in Gauteng. Of the recent escapes in the Johannesburg Correctional Centre, only seven inmates are still on the run. Two were shot dead by the Hawks in KwaZulu-Natal and seven were rearrested. “We are working with law enforcement agencies to ensure that there are no security breaches in our centres and that those who compromise security or otherwise willfully contribute to security breaches face consequences.” In terms of the overcrowding, Mashuta explained that correctional model has been “evolving” over the years.  The issue is now being addressed through a “multi-pronged strategy”, which includes the strengthening of diversion programmes, additional bed spaces and alternative sentencing. As of April 2018, the Department of Correctional Services had 163 114 inmates in its 243 correctional facilities.  This is majorly above the 119 000 current bed capacity. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More