 SAPS on May 29 2018 released footage of Police Minister Bheki Cele taking calls at the 10111 call centre. His spokesperson Nonkululeko Phokane said Cele answered a number of calls, including from a doctor who was requesting an ambulance. A caller to the police’s 10111 emergency call centre was in for a surprise on Tuesday when Police Minister Bheki Cele answered his call. “No‚ it’s not a prank‚ you are speaking to me‚” Cele tells the caller‚ who is seemingly in disbelief. While the top cop famous for him “stomach in‚ chest out” mantra seemed to be well informed in advising the caller what to do – telling him to head to the nearest police station and open a case – he did something not many other 10111 call centre agents will do: he gave out his personal cellphone number. “If they don’t help you‚ I can give you my private cell number so you can appeal to me if they don’t help you at the police station‚” Cele says‚ before sharing his number. “He also attended to a call from a doctor who was requesting an ambulance‚” said Phokane. She said Cele was impressed with the way the centre was operating despite the high volume of calls it had received. He did‚ however‚ express concern at the number of prank calls that came through – even though he was lucky enough not to be on the receiving end of any. “When people make prank calls‚ they commit a crime‚” said Phokane‚ explaining that it meant someone else who needed help was possibly blocked from going through to the centre. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More