The RETF has accused EFF provincial secretary Jossey Buthane of being behind the violence. Buthane was present during the altercation. Spokesperson Thabo Mabotja claims that Buthane stormed into an RETF meeting with construction group Basil Read and the South African National Roads Agency and threatened to break one of the RETF leader’s legs. However, they were able to talk him out of it and he left. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More Mabotja claims Buthane was then heard speaking on the phone asking for EFF members to come to the hotel. He says as the meeting started, the gathering was alerted by a security guard to an attack against one of its councillors. ‘A provincial bully’ “When we left the building we were confronted by a mob of EFF hooligans who were calling for blood,” Mabotja said. He said he managed to escape the bat-wielding group uninjured. When News24 spoke to Mabotja, he said he was at the police station laying an attempted murder complaint. “[Buthane] is just a legal delinquent that resorts to violence all the time, so even now nothing is going to happen to him. “The police are afraid of him because he feels no one can touch him. People have opened cases and nothing happened to him. He is a provincial bully and he bullies everyone,” Mabotja said. But Buthane has denied the claims. He said he called for calm during the violent confrontation and insisted that EFF members were “defending” themselves. Black businesses allegedly harassed “We did not cause the violence, we were provoked. They wanted to fight us, and we defended ourselves,” Buthane said. He released a press statement on Saturday accusing the RETF of harassing black business people in Limpopo and closing down their businesses. He said the newly formed organisation was using radical economic transformation to settle political scores, claiming that a local mayor and a provincial ANC leader were behind the RETF. Buthane told News24 that the RETF had closed down at least two businesses. “The police must act quickly… on these criminal activities and stop sleeping on duty. If they continue to get lazy and fat on their chairs (sic) the EFF is going to occupy that space. “The EFF here in Limpopo is committed to defending the defenceless black businesses of Limpopo. We will meet these thugs toe to toe in defence of [the] black child,” he said. Buthane claims that he went to the meeting after RETF members arrived at an EFF office and threatened to shut it down. “When we want to understand why they are doing that. They had sticks in a grey bakkie, that is when the fight started,” Buthane said. However, RETF said Buthane had been baying for blood since Monday morning, pointing to a Facebook post where he said the EFF would be patrolling the streets of the city as evidence. <a “=”” allow=”encrypted-media” allowtransparency=”true” frameborder=”0″ height=”250″ href=”http://%3Ciframe%20src%3D/” https:=”” plugins=”” post.php?href=”https%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.com%2Fbuthane.jossey%2Fposts%2F10216230839074303&width=500″ scrolling=”no” width=”500″ www.facebook.com=””> Mabotja said the RETF was fighting to ensure that every big company that gets a tender of more than R30m gives 30% to local contractors as dictated by government policy. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More