The Paul Kruger statue in Pretoria has long been under fire for what it represents by remaining in public. Now, the EFF is demanding real action and have threatened to demolish it themselves. While there have been previous decisions taken that the statue should stay, the debate was plunged to the forefront again as the EFF called for it to be destroyed and replaced with one of Winnie Madikizela-Mandela. EFF councillor in Pretoria, Moaferika Mabogoane, has previously said that the statue is part of the EFF’s national mandate to remove apartheid symbols and statues. The statue has since been fenced off after previous attacks left it covered in paint and damaged. Mabogoane said that statues and street names like John Vorster, Hendrik Verwoerd and Paul Kruger are deeply unpleasant for South Africans. “It is a shame that these dark figures of our ugly past continue to haunt us as we walk and drive on our roads,” he told Pretoria news. The EFF then came forward with a motion to the Tshwane council to have the statue excluded from Mayor Solly Msimanga’s plan to transform Church Square. The EFF’s call was also rejected at the time by the South African Geographic Names Council. On Wednesday, the EFF gave the Tshwane metro an ultimatum to remove the statue. If it is not removed, the party will go ahead and destroy it themselves. EFF leader Julius Malema has previously spoken about the statue and how it juxtaposes Madikizela-Mandela. “It’s not an exaggeration that the isolation of the people of Brandfort is best represented by the fact that her [Winnie’s] prison cell, which is house number 802 across the street from us is dilapidated, yet the statue of Paul Kruger decorated Church Square in Pretoria, receiving protection from a democratic government.” City of Tshwane Mayor Solly Msimanga is also facing heat from the EFF after it was revealed that his chief of staff was appointed despite not having the required qualifications. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More